<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch088.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-86-another-idea" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 86: Another Idea</h2>
<p>The pewter-black dirk clattered to the ground, bouncing a few times before coming to rest.</p>
<p>Lumian heaved a sigh of relief and muttered to himself, <em>Without the protection of the half-activated black thorn symbol, this thing’s a ticking time bomb…</em></p>
<p>Luckily, he already knew how to avoid the sinister dirk’s adverse effects.</p>
<p>Lumian approached the grayish-white remains and picked up the black robe left behind by the monstrous ‘blacksmith.’</p>
<p>He tore off several strips of cloth and wrapped them tightly around his right hand, as if applying a thorough bandage.</p>
<p>Then, Lumian grasped the Fate Appropriator Dirk.</p>
<p>The pewter-black dirk remained unresponsive the entire time.</p>
<p>Prepared to discard the item in his hand at any moment, Lumian relaxed and whispered, “I need to find a scabbard to carry it around safely.</p>
<p>“Do I have to permanently bandage my left or right hand just to have time to protect myself when I need to draw the blade in an emergency?</p>
<p>“This thing is dangerous, but it’s also incredibly powerful. Besides its short lifespan, it outclasses all the Beyonder weapons Aurore mentioned. Many Level 3 Sealed Artifacts might not even compare.”</p>
<p>While muttering to himself, Lumian swaddled the Fate Appropriator Dirk in layers of black cloth.</p>
<p>Once wrapped securely in three layers, he slid the evil dirk into his left belt with a sense of relief.</p>
<p>Having done this, Lumian rubbed his temples and, despite his physical and mental exhaustion, entered the room from which the ‘blacksmith’ monster had emerged. He searched the room meticulously.</p>
<p>Aside from the smoldering furnace, he found nothing.</p>
<p>Lumian’s investigation concluded cautiously and carefully as he retraced his steps.</p>
<p>Unhindered by fate, he successfully left the ruins, crossed the desolate wasteland, and entered his semi-subterranean two-story building.</p>
<p>Not in a rush to sleep, Lumian left the room, stowed the Fate Appropriator Dirk, and rested briefly. Once his spirituality recovered and his needs were met, he performed the bizarre dance—alternating between madness and distortion—in his bedroom.</p>
<p>He aimed to attract the peculiar creatures in the vicinity and let one of them possess him to test the negative effects.</p>
<p>Having sensed the fear and reverence of the flaming monster, the three-faced monster, and the Fate Appropriator Dirk towards the black thorn symbol, he was no longer as terrified of allowing certain entities to possess him.</p>
<p>His corruption was far more powerful!</p>
<p>Moreover, he was quite exhausted and would soon fall asleep. When the time came, even if the strange being he harbored was reluctant to leave or caused severe negative effects, he would recover after resting in the real world for a day.</p>
<p><em>Is this what Aurore often calls cheating and exploiting loopholes? </em>Lumian mused as he danced.</p>
<p>As the dance intensified, his spirituality expanded, merging with a certain force of nature that radiated in all directions.</p>
<p>Gradually, Lumian, seemingly fused with his surroundings, sensed something entering the area.</p>
<p>He lifted his leg, took a step, and spun around. Without activating his Spirit Vision, he saw three translucent figures materialize at the bedroom’s glass window.</p>
<p>They were the familiar skinless monster, shotgun monster, and mouth-orifice monster.</p>
<p><em>Seems like my spiritual perception isn’t strong enough, or my level is too low. I can only ‘summon’ them… </em>Lumian didn’t mind. He drew the ritual silver dagger Aurore had given him and sliced a wound on the back of his left hand.</p>
<p>A drop of crimson blood quickly welled up but didn’t spread.</p>
<p>On the spot, it congealed and took on a demonic hue.</p>
<p>The three ghostly figures outside the window instantly stirred.</p>
<p>Lumian deftly used the ritual silver dagger to pick up the congealed drop of blood. With a final flourish of his dance moves, he pointed the blade towards the mouth-orifice monster.</p>
<p>He was inviting the entity to latch onto him.</p>
<p>The monster, bearing three black marks on its upper body, opened its vortex-shaped mouth as if responding to Lumian’s call, but it hesitated to take further action.</p>
<p><em>That’s right. The window is still closed, and the monsters in the dream ruins don’t dare enter my house…</em> Lumian swiftly grasped the situation. In sync with his dance rhythm, he leapt, landing gracefully on the desk before the window.</p>
<p>With his left hand, he slid the tightly shut glass window open. Then, he extended the ritual silver dagger, bloodied tip first, outside the house.</p>
<p>Instead of devouring the drop of blood and entering Lumian’s body through the ritual silver dagger, the maw-like creature retreated seven or eight meters, floating amidst the howling wind, still mesmerized by the dance.</p>
<p>“Hey, come over!” Lumian, on the verge of completing his final dance step, couldn’t help but urge anxiously.</p>
<p>The three hazy, translucent figures outside the house drifted further away. As Lumian’s dance came to a halt, they vanished entirely.</p>
<p>“…” Lumian stared at the scene, baffled by the mouth-orifice monster’s refusal to possess him.</p>
<p>He carefully reviewed the dance and the bloodletting process, certain he had made no mistakes.</p>
<p><em>Could it be that its fixation remembers that I killed it, so it’s unwilling to attach itself to me?</em></p>
<p><em>But the knowledge that came with Dancer didn’t mention this. Logically, it should be more eager to possess me and take revenge…</em> Lumian pondered.</p>
<p>Recalling the three-faced monster’s flight upon seeing him, he formulated a new hypothesis.</p>
<p><em>I’m corrupted by an evil god and sealed by a greater being. Are these strange creatures terrified and unwilling to attach themselves to me?</em></p>
<p>This was an extremely rare circumstance. It made sense that Dancer’s corresponding mystical knowledge wouldn’t cover such anomalies.</p>
<p>The more Lumian considered it, the more he believed this was the cause, and the angrier he became.</p>
<p>“So you guys just watch me dance, but aren’t willing to possess me?</p>
<p>“What’s this called? In Aurore’s words, freeloading!”</p>
<p>Lumian’s disappointment grew as he realized that, before reaching Contractee, one of Dancer’s abilities was rendered useless. He couldn’t attract strange creatures and exploit their traits or powers.</p>
<p>He consoled himself, hoping that only the dream ruins’ creatures behaved like this. After all, they were closely tied to the owner of the black thorn symbol.</p>
<p><em>I wonder what I can attract in reality. Will they dare to attach themselves to me…</em> Lumian mused, walking to his bed and lying down.</p>
<p>His mood lifted as he glanced at the Fate Appropriator Dirk, ensconced in layers of black cloth, on the cabinet beside him.</p>
<p>This powerful Beyonder weapon would aid him in delving deeper into the dream ruins and uncovering their secrets. The only drawback was its inability to be brought into the real world.</p>
<p><em>I wonder if that mysterious lady can help bring it out, just like how she brought the potion and ritual ingredients into the dream ruins…</em></p>
<p><em>But the next time I explore the dream ruins, I’ll have to trouble her to bring the Fate Appropriator Dirk back in…</em></p>
<p><em>She’s definitely unwilling to keep providing help. She’s clearly averse to hassle and prefers slacking off…</em></p>
<p>With these thoughts, Lumian drifted into a deep sleep.</p>
<hr />
<p>When Lumian woke up, the sky was an unnatural shade of inky black. Only a smoldering crimson smear of sunset remained in the distance, filling him with a bleak melancholy as if the entire world had abandoned him.</p>
<p>Adjusting his emotions, Lumian left the room and descended to the first floor.</p>
<p>Aurore was busy cooking dinner.</p>
<p>“Are your eyes okay?” Lumian went over to help.</p>
<p>“Pretty much.” Aurore tucked a stray lock of blonde hair behind her ear and widened her eyes at him.</p>
<p>Lumian peered into their light blue depths but saw nothing amiss beyond a hint of blood.</p>
<p>Aurore continued frying the lamb chops and casually asked, “Discovered anything interesting in the dream ruins this time?”</p>
<p>Lumian began chopping ingredients for the last dish, recounting his encounters.</p>
<p>“That blade is powerful indeed.” Seeing her brother was unharmed, Aurore stifled her concern with a laugh. “If it were me, I’d never call it Fate Appropriator Dirk. Too straightforward, lacking charm.”</p>
<p>Lumian asked curiously, “What would you name it then?”</p>
<p>Aurore smiled and said, “Fallen Mercury!”</p>
<p>“Fallen Mercury it is!” Lumian nodded immediately.</p>
<p>He had to use the name his sister gave!</p>
<p>Aurore burst out laughing.</p>
<p>“Actually, it’s not the best name, but that’s all I could think of on short notice.</p>
<p>“Hmm, the monsters’ behavior confirms our theory. The black thorn symbol on your chest, or rather, the corruption in your body isn’t simple. It can suppress something powerful to an extent and relates closely to that hidden existence.</p>
<p>“Perhaps the key to the loop lies with you.”</p>
<p>“Yes.” Lumian nodded. “Let’s see what secrets the dream ruins hold. Then we’ll wait patiently for the twelfth night.”</p>
<p>So far, they had investigated almost all abnormalities. Only the tomb where the owl was had not been explored.</p>
<p>It was far too dangerous. Aurore didn’t believe she, Lumian and the three foreigners could face it. Her only hope was asking Madame Pualis for help, but she clearly didn’t intend to interfere, merely waiting for the opportune moment.</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t hold much hope recounting how the strange creatures his dance attracted were hindered by the two symbols on his body, preventing success.</p>
<p>“Grande Soeur, any ideas to circumvent this restriction?”</p>
<p>Aurore scooped up the lamb chops, pondering a moment.</p>
<p>“Since it’s impossible to invite a ‘god’ to possess you, why not try giving an order?”</p>
<p>“Order?” Lumian’s eyes lit up.</p>
<p>Aurore nodded slightly.</p>
<p>“Since those strange creatures fear the corruption in your body and the seal of that great existence, use their fear like a fox assuming the authority of a tiger. Order them to attach themselves to you. Right, use ancient Hermes when you try.”</p>
<p>“That’s an idea…” Lumian understood what his sister meant by “a fox assuming the authority of a tiger.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
