<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch097.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-95-an-out-in-the-open-ambush" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 95: An “Out in the Open” Ambush</h2>
<p>Lumian meticulously wrapped his left hand in layers of white bandages. He gathered his supplies: Fallen Mercury, his iron-black axe, gray amber perfume, biscuits, cheese, bloodied mutton chops, rope for traps, and a bag of cooled boiled water. Slipping his shotgun over his shoulder, he left his semi-subterranean dwelling.</p>
<p>Through the thin gray fog, he ventured into a barren wasteland, riddled with cracks. He entered the dreamlike ruins and strode toward the clearing where the flaming monster often lurked.</p>
<p>Hearing a distant noise, Lumian veered towards a path he anticipated the creature would take, arriving at a natural trap he’d discovered earlier.</p>
<p>A deep pit lay beside the road, with collapsed walls to the front and left. Stacked rocks bordered the right side, and behind it, a mostly collapsed house loomed.</p>
<p>Such a trap was difficult to spot. Lumian had found it only after scouring the area multiple times.</p>
<p>He crouched behind the pit, tossing in a few sharpened wooden stakes. He covered it with a rope net he’d woven earlier and camouflaged it with soil.</p>
<p>With the simple trap set, he placed his bait: two blood-soaked lamb chops, half on solid ground and half suspended above the pit.</p>
<p>Lumian stepped back, assessing the precarious balance. He retreated into the mostly collapsed house, perching himself on the remains of an outer wall.</p>
<p>He adjusted his position to watch the trap without being seen by passing monsters.</p>
<p>Next, he took out the gray amber perfume and sprayed it on the wall.</p>
<p>A delicate, sweet scent wafted through the air, carried by sporadic gusts of wind that blew through the ruins.</p>
<p>The fragrance clung to the wall and to Lumian.</p>
<p>Without hesitation, he leaped away, looping back to the path where the flaming monster would appear, positioning himself closer to its hunting grounds.</p>
<p>Once more, he changed direction, crossing the path and entering the ruins of a building opposite.</p>
<p>Reaching the rear of the crumbling structure, he stopped, leaned against the wall, and waited.</p>
<p>As with his strategy against the shotgun monster, Lumian never expected his trap to fool the flaming monster or wound it severely.</p>
<p>These decoys and alarms targeted the creature’s keen senses, observation, and behavior.</p>
<p>Only a Hunter knew how to exploit a Hunter’s strengths!</p>
<p>Of course, all this relied on the target operating primarily on instinct, its intelligence limited to combat.</p>
<p>Leaning against the wall, Lumian gripped Fallen Mercury in his bandaged left hand, tearing off the pitch-black cloth shrouding its surface.</p>
<p>He couldn’t know how long it would take for the flaming monster to arrive; all he could do was be patient.</p>
<p>Patience was his strong suit—a remnant from his vagrant days.</p>
<p>Time crawled by. Unseen by Lumian, a charred, flame-tinged monster entered the path.</p>
<p>After walking over 20 meters, its nose twitched.</p>
<p>It detected the faint scent of blood.</p>
<p>The monster didn’t immediately turn. As it continued, it surreptitiously scanned the source of the smell.</p>
<p>Passing the collapsed wall, the bloody lamb chops caught its eye.</p>
<p>Tempting food, but the flaming monster resisted its instincts, not devouring the bait.</p>
<p>It pressed on, slowing its pace.</p>
<p>Soon, an unusual fragrance filled its nostrils.</p>
<p>It instantly deduced the meat was a trap and a Hunter lay in ambush nearby.</p>
<p>This Hunter seemed different from the one who had previously observed it while invisible. It lacked sufficient knowledge of Hunters and hadn’t masked its scent beforehand.</p>
<p>Taking a few more steps, the flaming monster used the fragrance and subtle footprints to pinpoint the enemy hiding on the outer wall of the building behind the trap.</p>
<p>Feigning ignorance, it increased its distance by another seven to eight meters.</p>
<p>Suddenly, it whirled around, its scarlet flames rapidly condensing into a fireball tinged with white.</p>
<p><em>Boom!</em></p>
<p>With a flick of its right palm, the fireball hurtled towards Lumian’s ‘ambush’ location, collapsing the outer wall and causing the house to shudder.</p>
<p>Hearing the explosion from a distance, Lumian abandoned his hiding spot, darting into the clearing, his movements a wild, distorted dance.</p>
<p>The explosion was like a signal flare, a stark reminder for him to swiftly ready the second phase of the trap.</p>
<p>Lumian and Aurore had devised this intricate plan, luring their prey into sending out their own signal flares.</p>
<p>In the midst of his mesmerizing dance, Lumian detected the hazy forms of the mouth-orifice monster, the shotgun monster, and the skinless monster.</p>
<p>By then, the flaming monster had already approached the collapsed wall, searching for any trace of its enemy.</p>
<p>Lumian danced for another ten to twenty seconds, his movements growing more intense. He drew out the ritual silver dagger with his right hand, making a small incision on his left wrist.</p>
<p>A single drop of blood emerged, congealing into a tiny sphere.</p>
<p>Lumian stepped forward, pivoted, and snatched up the blood droplet, aiming it at the mouth-orifice monster.</p>
<p>“I!”</p>
<p>He uttered the word in ancient Hermes, his voice barely above a whisper.</p>
<p>At that moment, the flaming monster had discovered the faint footprints Lumian had left behind. Catching a whiff of a subtle scent, it started tracking him.</p>
<p>Quickly shouting his follow-up command, Lumian watched as the mouth-orifice monster swallowed the blood droplet from the tip of the silver dagger and entered his body.</p>
<p>A wave of madness, bloodlust, cruel intent, and ravenous hunger washed over him.</p>
<p>Lumian fought back the discomfort, hastily bandaging his insignificant wound with a white strip he’d brought along.</p>
<p>Next, he popped a piece of cheese into his mouth, chewing and swallowing to make sure the residual gray amber scent on his body would mask any other mingled odors.</p>
<p>Throughout this process, Lumian sprinted to the edge of the road and halted at an inconspicuous spot.</p>
<p>He clenched his jaw tight and spun around, carefully retracing his steps along his previous path.</p>
<p>Relying on a Hunter’s observation skills and Dancer’s exaggerated flexibility, Lumian made sure to leave only faint footprints and no additional marks.</p>
<p>It wasn’t long before he reached the center of the road and stopped.</p>
<p>Maintaining his invisibility, Lumian remained in plain sight on the road.</p>
<p>He waited, using shallow Cogitation and constant suspension to suppress any thoughts of attacking the flaming monster, a rudimentary way to disrupt its danger premonition.</p>
<p>His inspiration came from a Hunter’s keen self-awareness.</p>
<p>Aurore had once written about the tactic of retracing one’s footsteps to lie in ambush mid-road in a novel.</p>
<p>After seven or eight seconds, the flaming monster’s pitch-black form appeared in Lumian’s sight. Utilizing his uncanny flexibility, he twisted his body to observe the approaching target.</p>
<p>The flaming monster followed the faint footprints and scent left behind by its enemy. Uninterrupted, it continued its pursuit.</p>
<p>Once back on the main road, it sniffed the air, unsurprised to detect a mild fragrance.</p>
<p>It instinctively lowered its head and found the inconspicuous footprints.</p>
<p>But it found no trace of traps in the vicinity.</p>
<p>Without hesitation, the flaming monster tracked the footprints to the other side of the road.</p>
<p>The charred face and displaced eyeballs loomed larger and clearer in Lumian’s sight.</p>
<p>Holding his breath, Lumian didn’t disrupt his Cogitation again, striving to empty his mind.</p>
<p>Five meters, three meters, one meter… He lunged at the target, raising the Fallen Mercury in his left hand for a swift slash!</p>
<p>He didn’t wait to close the gap further, fearing that it would trigger the prey’s danger sense and prompt evasive maneuvers.</p>
<p>The flaming monster suddenly felt an overwhelming sense of danger.</p>
<p>Without thinking, it leaped to the side.</p>
<p>Simultaneously, its vision captured Lumian’s figure, attacking with a pewter-black dirk in his bandaged left hand.</p>
<p>They were so close that despite the flaming monster’s reaction, evasion was impossible. Lumian collided with it.</p>
<p>With a tearing sound, Fallen Mercury’s sharp blade sank into the flaming monster’s right chest.</p>
<p>The fate extracted from Noodle Man infiltrated the target’s body as an illusory mercury bead.</p>
<p>Meanwhile, a river of countless intricate mercury symbols briefly surfaced. Some of the destinies rapidly converged towards the pewter-black blade.</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t bother selecting the destiny to exchange, letting Fallen Mercury do as it wished.</p>
<p><em>Boom!</em></p>
<p>The monster’s flames erupted.</p>
<p>The forceful shockwave hurled Lumian and his Fallen Mercury away. Crimson flames ignited his clothes and scorched his facial skin.</p>
<p>Lumian bore the searing pain, twisting his waist midair to alter his trajectory.</p>
<p>As soon as he landed, he sprang to his feet and fled.</p>
<p>However, unable to re-enter the Invisibility state until the flames were extinguished, he remained visible.</p>
<p><em>Boom!</em></p>
<p>Despite his serpentine sprint, Lumian was still knocked off his feet by the fireball’s aftershock. His back throbbed with numbing pain.</p>
<p>He struggled to his feet, scrambling away from the path and into the ruins where he had been hiding before.</p>
<p>The flaming monster pursued Lumian, who was unable to turn invisible once more.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
