<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1043.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1035-revelation" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1035: Revelation</h2>
<p><em>Anything that can go wrong will go wrong.</em></p>
<p>As Lumian walked down the stairs, the sunlight was still bright, and Franca, Jenna, and Anthony were leisurely enjoying their afternoon tea.</p>
<p>Ludwig was also there, though not as relaxed.</p>
<p>“Is the Major Arcana meeting over?” Franca turned and asked curiously.</p>
<p>Lumian suddenly recalled various scenes from the majestic palace above the gray fog, nodded and said, “It’s over.”</p>
<p>“What can you tell us about it? Don’t mention anything you’re not supposed to.” Franca had an expression that implied that she just wanted to broaden her horizons.</p>
<p>Lumian sat down in an armchair and said, using language he had learned in the dream city,</p>
<p>“There’s not much to say. Today’s meeting was quite ordinary. The Major Arcana cards mainly reported to Mr. Fool about their respective responsibilities, and Mr. Fool gave corresponding instructions.”</p>
<p>“You seem to respect Mr. Fool quite a bit,” Franca suddenly remarked.</p>
<p>“Why do you say that?” Lumian asked, somewhat surprised.</p>
<p>Franca snorted and glanced first at Jenna, then at Anthony. “Do I really need to answer such a simple question?”</p>
<p>Jenna, in sync with Franca, helped explain with a slight smile, “If it weren’t for Mr. Fool, you would definitely add more adjectives before ‘instructions,’ like ‘high-level’ or ‘all-encompassing.’”</p>
<p>This added a hint of teasing and playfulness.</p>
<p>“I’ve always been quite respectful towards deities, except for a few,” Lumian said with a knowing smile.</p>
<p>He then said, “As someone attending a divine meeting for the first time, I had nothing to report. I only raised questions about Madame Pualis and her daughter Omebella, hoping to get answers from Mr. Fool.”</p>
<p>“What did Mr. Fool say?” Jenna and Franca asked in unison.</p>
<p>Before Lumian could answer, points of starlight suddenly appeared in the void.</p>
<p>These starlight quickly sketched out the figure of Madam Magician.</p>
<p>She said to Lumian, Franca, and Jenna, “You can now go to the Blue Avenger to explore the treasury left by the Blood Emperor. I’ll go with you to provide necessary assistance.</p>
<p>“Do you need to postpone for a while to make some preparations?”</p>
<p>The Tudor dynasty’s treasure obviously consisted of items mainly related to the Hunter pathway, supplemented by those of the Demoness pathway, and then some items from the Seer, Apprentice, and Marauder pathways. It was very suitable for the three Demonesses to explore and obtain the Beyonder characteristics needed for normal advancement or pathway switching.</p>
<p>As for Anthony’s advancement, other arrangements had been made.</p>
<p>And the further recovery of Ludwig’s strength would have to wait until either Lumian or Franca reached Sequence 3, to avoid accidents.</p>
<p>“No need, let’s go now.” Lumian had already discussed this with Franca and Jenna.</p>
<p>Madam Magician said no more, creating a dazzling, dream-like double door and bringing the three Demonesses to the Blue Avenger, which was sailing through fierce winds and huge waves.</p>
<p>Mr. Hanged Man, dressed as the captain, was already waiting at the cabin entrance.</p>
<p>“Can you still sense the mirror imprint you left in the treasury?” Madam Magician asked Lumian.</p>
<p>“Yes,” Lumian half-closed his eyes and sensed for a moment.</p>
<p>He didn’t try to reach the full-length mirror with the imprint using Mirror Traversal, because the corresponding area behind the mirror or mirror world contained Blood Emperor Alista Tudor’s backup plan for resurrection.</p>
<p>For him, the main function of that mirror imprint was currently to provide necessary positioning so that his companions could also enter the treasury. In the future, it would serve as a trap marker to take down powerful enemies at the cost of mutual destruction.</p>
<p>After sensing, Lumian walked towards the depths of the ship’s cabin while deliberately continuing the previous topic.</p>
<p>He turned his head to look at Franca and Jenna and said, “Mr. Fool’s revelation was that after becoming a Demoness of Unaging, go to the New City of Silver to borrow the Gift of the Land and bring it to the City of Exiles, in front of Hand Bro.”</p>
<p>“Indeed, one knows Omebella, one shouted out Zedus. Let them meet, maybe they’ll really spark something.” Franca suddenly realized.</p>
<p>At this moment, Mr. Hanged Man, walking in front as the captain of the Blue Avenger, suddenly half-turned his body and said thoughtfully, “I think in Mr. Fool’s revelation, not only is the latter part important, but the prerequisite is equally important.”</p>
<p>Lumian mentioned Mr. Fool’s revelation in front of Madam Magician and Mr. Hanged Man precisely to hear their views and opinions. He immediately asked,</p>
<p>“The prerequisite of becoming a Demoness of Unaging?”</p>
<p>Mr. Hanged Man, with his rugged face and unkempt appearance, chuckled deeply. “Can’t you borrow the Gift of the Land and bring it to the Abscessed Hand now? The only help you might need is communication with the Church of Knowledge.”</p>
<p>“That’s right,” Jenna agreed with Mr. Hanged Man’s statement.</p>
<p>Lumian already had all the conditions to briefly use the Gift of the Land, could get the New City of Silver’s permission through Mr. Sun, and was the proxy of 0-01. He didn’t need to wait until reaching the Demoness of Unaging level to let Omebella’s remains meet the Abscessed Hand.</p>
<p>“Are certain changes brought by becoming a Demoness of Unaging the catalyst for this whole thing? Or is it that only by reaching Sequence 3 can one deal with the inevitable accidents after the Gift of the Land meets the Abscessed Hand? No, the latter scenario can basically be ruled out,” Lumian, in his Demoness of Despair state, slowed his pace and said thoughtfully.</p>
<p>As the proxy of 0-01, he had considerable authority in front of the mountain of corpses, and there wasn’t much difference between being Sequence 4 or Sequence 3.</p>
<p>Moreover, he could briefly borrow the boon beneath the Underworld Daoist’s seal to become a Sequence 3 War Bishop.</p>
<p>In other words, the power increase from advancing to Demoness of Unaging wasn’t necessary.</p>
<p>“It should be some change brought about by the inherent qualities of the Demoness of Unaging,” Madam Magician gave her judgment.</p>
<p>Franca, who had been listening quietly, mumbled, “Why doesn’t Mr. Fool speak more clearly, just giving revelations for us to interpret ourselves?”</p>
<p>Mr. Hanged Man glanced at Franca. “I learned a phrase in the dream city—‘words, once given, become reality’.</p>
<p>“Every action and word of great existences profoundly influences fate and the world. Back then, in the process of Mr. Fool becoming a great existence in just three years, many of the things he said were later verified one by one, becoming facts.</p>
<p>“In this situation, speaking very clearly and not speaking clearly will be part of the whole thing, and the interference with fate will be different, and the final result will also deviate because of this.”</p>
<p>As Lumian nodded in agreement, he felt slightly surprised inwardly.</p>
<p>He felt that Mr. Hanged Man was much more enthusiastic than in their previous encounters.</p>
<p>Previously, Mr. Hanged Man wouldn’t be stingy with his judgments and explanations, but he only did and said what was within his duties. This time, he actually took the initiative to talk about many things outside the topic.</p>
<p><em>Is it because I’ve become a Major Arcana card holder? Mr. Hanged Man seems to value hierarchy quite a bit…</em> Lumian withdrew his gaze thoughtfully.</p>
<p>Madam Magician then added, “Moreover, this matter involves the Great Mother. Even Mr. Fool can’t see it very clearly and can only receive certain revelations.”</p>
<p>Hearing this, Franca looked around and lowered her voice.</p>
<p>“Now that Mr. Fool has initially awakened, uh, I don’t mean to disrespect Mr. Fool, I’m just more concerned about his current state. Maybe there’s still something I can help with? After all, I’m a transmigrator! Um, what I want to ask is, what level has Mr. Fool recovered to now, and how is The Fool identity you guys have woven running?”</p>
<p>After exchanging glances with Madam Magician and Mr. Hanged Man, Lumian said, “We’re not clear about the specific level of recovery, we can only be sure that in terms of level, it’s not a complete The Fool.”</p>
<p>This “Fool” without the “Mr.” referred to the Sequence 0 The Fool of the Seer pathway.</p>
<p>The basis for the judgment of the Major Arcana card holders, including Lumian, was: if the identity of Gehrman Sparrow was already a complete “Fool”, it would mean that he had fully grasped all the authorities of the Seer pathway, and the true Mr. Fool would soon gain sufficient advantage in the matter of fusion and confrontation, fully awakening.</p>
<p>Lumian continued, “In my personal opinion, the current Mr. Fool is not agile enough, or rather, he’s colder and more indifferent, closer to Gehrman Sparrow.”</p>
<p>After thinking for a while, Franca said, “I think, in my personal understanding, Gehrman Sparrow is currently more like an AI—artificial intelligence—that has integrated some of Mr. Fool’s will and ideas.</p>
<p>“Think about it, one of the foundations of Gehrman Sparrow’s stable existence is a large number of faith anchors, and different people’s perceptions of him are different. This is like one of the foundations of AI’s existence is data—a large amount of data—and the data collected from the internet, fed to AI, may be incorrect, fabricated, self-imagined. This will bring corruption to it, very similar to the corruption of faith anchors you mentioned.</p>
<p>“The current AI stands out in that as long as you dare to believe, it dares to fabricate, and the reactions presented by Gehrman Sparrow will also be affected by the corruption of faith anchors. While not affecting the transmission of Mr. Fool’s core will and ideas, there will be personalized, even contradictory manifestations.</p>
<p>“Well, he’s equivalent to Mr. Fool’s AI assistant. The better he iterates, the faster he evolves, the more authorities and powers Mr. Fool can grasp and mobilize, ultimately helping him defeat the Celestial Worthy.”</p>
<p>Interpreting from the perspective of AI was something the Major Arcana card holders had never thought of. Fortunately, everyone present had been to the dream city and could barely understand what Franca was saying.</p>
<p>Madam Magician, who had a very deep understanding of faith anchors, nodded slowly and said, “What we need to do next is to purify Gehrman Sparrow’s anchors and adjust people’s perceptions of Gehrman Sparrow to varying degrees?”</p>
<p>“That includes our perception of Gehrman Sparrow,” Mr. Hanged Man added.</p>
<p>As they spoke, the group arrived at the stairs leading to the lower deck of the ship.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
