<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1049.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1041-different-accounts" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1041: Different Accounts</h2>
<p>“Whether or not the Demoness of Black provided the corresponding mystical knowledge, you should perform the ritual in the next two days. I will help you forcefully locate and lock onto the Mirror Person. After this is done, I’ll need to focus on meeting my deadline,” Madam Magician said to Lumian as she floated in the East Lognes Forest near Chaillot Town.</p>
<p><em>Don’t tell me you haven’t even started writing yet—not a single word? When you said above the gray fog that you’d even thought of the promotional tagline, did you make that up on the spot? In that case, completing ‘The Great Adventurer 7’ in two weeks would be very difficult, unless you don’t care about quality…</em> Lumian pondered thoughtfully.</p>
<p>At the end of yesterday’s small meeting, Madam Magician had promised in front of all the Major Arcana card holders that she would deliver the manuscript for ‘The Great Adventurer 7’ within two weeks.</p>
<p>The other Major Arcana card holders also expressed that they would quickly adjust Gehrman Sparrow’s image within their own spheres of influence. The most important among these was the action to be taken by the Church of The Fool.</p>
<p>Mr. Sun would gather bishops from each parish in batches to undergo intensive theological training, adding corresponding interpretations and descriptions to their sermons while making minimal changes to the scripture.</p>
<p>Before Lumian could respond, Madam Magician added, “If you’re really not ready to perform the ritual yet, then we can wait until two weeks later.”</p>
<p>“I’m ready,” Lumian calmly replied, standing atop a large tree, concealing himself in the shadows of the canopy.</p>
<p>At this time, Franca arrived at the estate that primarily grew grapes.</p>
<p>She once again saw Browns Sauron, with her orange-red long hair, clean and pure face, and hint of wildness.</p>
<p>“Long time no see,” Franca smiled in greeting.</p>
<p>Browns looked at her and suddenly froze. “You seem to have become more beautiful.”</p>
<p>“You’ve become more beautiful too,” Franca observed Browns, noticing that her orange-red hair had become slightly darker, her features more delicate, and the touch of wildness in her demeanor made one unconsciously think of young girls who could participate in hunting in primitive tribes.</p>
<p>Browns withdrew her gaze and said with slight pride in a soft voice, “I’m now a Demoness of Affliction.”</p>
<p>“If this were at sea, you’d have a chance to be called an admiral,” Franca politely complimented.</p>
<p><em>What do you call that? That’s called having class!</em></p>
<p>Browns strongly agreed with this, but said, “I feel like in recent years, Sequence 5 has become increasingly less valuable.”</p>
<p><em>When the apocalypse comes, except for a few special saints, perhaps only Angels will be able to make a difference…</em> Franca suddenly felt somewhat melancholic.</p>
<p>The two Demonesses chatted casually as they went deeper into the estate, arriving at the round pavilion situated among numerous grape vines and creepers.</p>
<p>The Demoness of Black, wearing a deep blue hat, her face partially obscured by a veil which only made her more alluring, was sitting inside.</p>
<p>“Teacher, Franca is here,” Browns stepped forward and said softly.</p>
<p>The Demoness of Black turned to the side and cast her gaze upon Franca.</p>
<p>“Good morning, Madame,” Franca first greeted with a smile, then said seriously and devoutly, “I have become a Demoness of Despair, under God’s watch.”</p>
<p><em>Demoness of Despair? Sequence 4 demigod? She became a demigod?</em> Browns’s beautiful eyes suddenly grew round.</p>
<p>When she and Franca first met, they were both just Demonesses of Pleasure, and in just over half a year, the other party had reached Sequence 4?</p>
<p>This was a qualitative change point, the gateway to godhood, the initial line separating humans from gods—how could it be so easy to cross and push open?</p>
<p>A Sequence 4 Demoness of Despair, even within the entire Demoness Sect, their numbers were quite limited, worthy of being called high-ranking, though not yet able to enter the core layer!</p>
<p><em>I thought my advancement speed was already fast enough…</em> Browns momentarily felt dazed, unable to help questioning life.</p>
<p>The Demoness of Black showed no obvious emotional fluctuation, and only nodded after Franca finished speaking, “Thank God for Her favor, thank the Primordial One’s grace.”</p>
<p><em>She accepted it just like that? Has the Primordial Demoness given corresponding revelations?</em> Franca, who was already prepared to flee the Demoness Sect at any time and wanted to get whatever benefits she could, quickly said, “After becoming a Demoness of Despair, I feel my connection with the Mirror Person has deepened, and it has undergone some sort of mutation. Could you teach me in detail about the mystical knowledge related to the Mirror Person?”</p>
<p>The Demoness of Black glanced at Franca and said with a slight smile, “After gaining godhood, you indeed should pay attention to such matters.”</p>
<p>Her gaze swept over Browns as she continued, “The Mirror People of Demonesses always believe they are the original body, that they are the original who was separated after drinking the ‘Witch’ potion, imprisoned in the mirror world, serving as a mirror substitute and mirror magic medium. If you with your godhood believe this point, your soul, personality, and spirit will become incomplete because of it. Not only will you never have hope of reaching higher sequences, but you’ll also have many problems in daily life, and the risk of losing control will also become very high.</p>
<p>“A Demoness’s Mirror Person is essentially a product of the combination of potion power and mirror world rules, closer to a spiritual imprint and soul projection.”</p>
<p><em>This is completely different from Moran Avigny’s saying that a “Demoness’s true self dwells within the mirror”… Although I prefer this explanation and am willing to accept it, the Demoness of Black probably hasn’t revealed the whole truth. For example, why is the spiritual imprint and soul projection in a male state? After becoming a Witch, both body and soul have changed… Well, Moran Avigny, as a Mirror Person, his viewpoints and perspectives must also be biased… Combine the two?</em> Franca listened quietly, thinking instinctively, without interrupting the Demoness of Black’s explanation.</p>
<p>The Demoness of Black’s voice took on several layers of complexity, with various emotions difficult to distinguish.</p>
<p>“This is also one of the reasons why males are more suited to the Demoness pathway.</p>
<p>“To further utilize the mirror world, one must inevitably face their own Mirror Person, and male Demonesses’ Mirror Person is male—extreme, vengeful, hateful, males in pain who will be better attracted by a Demoness’s charm, thereby becoming infatuated with us, both hating and obeying.</p>
<p>“Female Demonesses’ Mirror People have stronger replacement desires and are harder to control.”</p>
<p><em>Can it work like that? You were able to become a Demoness of Unaging because you charmed your mirror self and made him fall in love with you? What does tasting yourself feel like?</em> Franca pondered internally.</p>
<p><em>Aren’t Demonesses too twisted?</em></p>
<p>She thought for a moment and said sincerely, “Eventually we have to face our own Mirror Person?</p>
<p>“Will he be willing to meet with me? I feel he will deliberately avoid me using our mystical connection.”</p>
<p>The Demoness of Black answered, “They will indeed avoid you. Although our Mirror Person will continuously grow stronger as our strength increases, being equivalent to a copy of our abilities, but as a Demoness’s Mirror Person, they are naturally restricted, constrained, and weakened by the mirror world, like prisoners wearing shackles unable to perform normally. They’re unlikely to be our match, so they will inevitably choose to avoid us.</p>
<p>“Only when you are weak enough, and there are no traps around, will you see him, face him.</p>
<p>“Remember, what you know, he knows.”</p>
<p><em>Let the Mirror Person think there’s an opportunity? And we share memories and abilities?</em> Franca pondered for a few seconds and said, “In Underground Trier, I entered a special mirror world and encountered my own Mirror Person. That time, he faced me directly, without avoiding me in advance.”</p>
<p>“The Mirror Person in the special mirror worlds is different from a Demoness’s Mirror Person in the broader mirror world. What’s useful to us is the latter,” the Demoness of Black explained briefly.</p>
<p>Franca asked about some more details until the Demoness of Black no longer gave detailed answers.</p>
<p>She had to report other matters.</p>
<p>“Louis from the Emperor Party was very frustrated for a while earlier, seemingly unable to contact some important figure, but recently he’s back to normal, showing no similar behavior.”</p>
<p>“Very good, keep watching them,” the Demoness of Black nodded slightly.</p>
<p>Franca received permission after taking her leave.</p>
<p>The Demoness of Black quietly watched her silhouette until she and Browns disappeared into the grape grove.</p>
<hr />
<p>In the luxurious villa.</p>
<p>Franca detailed the mystical knowledge taught by the Demoness of Black to Lumian and Jenna.</p>
<p>“Are we performing the ritual today?” after they finished their discussion, Madam Magician asked.</p>
<p>“We can try. We’ll only know what problems there are after we try,” Lumian stood up, his black hair falling loose.</p>
<p>Madam Magician smiled and said, “No need to rush, wait for me.”</p>
<p>As soon as she finished speaking, this Major Arcana card holder opened an illusory door of starlight and walked through it.</p>
<p>Soon after, she returned to this luxurious villa.</p>
<p>She had changed her clothes, wearing a deep black warlock’s robe embroidered with silver stars.</p>
<p>“Look in the mirror, then use Mirror Substitution.” Madam Magician’s speech quickened slightly, as if she couldn’t maintain her current state for too long.</p>
<p>Under Franca and Jenna’s watchful eyes, Lumian walked to the full-length mirror in the bedroom.</p>
<p>Looking at the enchanting Demoness reflected in the mirror, he maintained a cold expression and actively used Mirror Substitution.</p>
<p>When the cracking sound rang out, the silver stars on Madam Magician’s warlock robe began to glow, becoming increasingly numerous.</p>
<p>The surrounding darkness spread accordingly, and an illusory starry sky descended upon this room.</p>
<p>The brilliant stars moved rapidly, forming a directional, extremely complex key.</p>
<p>This was forcefully locating by borrowing the mystical connection between Lumian and his Mirror Person, utilizing the characteristic that the Mirror Person was the corresponding medium for mirror magic!</p>
<p>In just a second or two, Madam Magician’s voice echoed ethereally, “Found him.”</p>
<p>Countless starlight then fell, disappearing into the full-length mirror.</p>
<p>“I’ve briefly confined the target, you can go now,” Madam Magician then said to Lumian.</p>
<p>Her voice had returned to normal.</p>
<p>Lumian nodded once, stepped into the full-length mirror, and following the starlight’s guidance, traversed into the depths of the mirror world.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
