<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1025.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1018-desperate-struggle" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1018: “Desperate” Struggle</h2>
<p>As Lumian recited the third line of the honorific name, the dark clouds and lightning in the sky suddenly collapsed towards the center, forming a huge vortex swirling upwards. It was as if a giant with the sky as its face had opened its single eye, or a strange tunnel with an unknown destination had appeared out of thin air.</p>
<p>This vortex rapidly expanded, as if it would tear apart heaven and earth, swelling into a door.</p>
<p>Seeing this, Madame Pualis, who had just broken free from her paralyzed state, frowned slightly. Holding baby Omebella, she shrank into the interior of the giant green oak tree that seemed to hold up the sky, disappearing from Lumian’s sight.</p>
<p>Lumian then saw the mushroom monster with Li Keji’s head as its cap standing rigidly in place, as if it had encountered some kind of restraint.</p>
<p>Immediately after, the mushroom monster began to disintegrate from its abdomen, like a vase smashed to the ground, breaking into many large pieces.</p>
<p>These pieces continued to break apart, and in just a few seconds, they became a pile of particles barely visible to the naked eye.</p>
<p>The disintegration rapidly spread to different parts of the mushroom monster’s body, finally reaching Li Keji’s head that served as the mushroom cap.</p>
<p>The head quickly became as if it were pieced together from fragments, but Li Keji’s face showed no trace of hatred or resentment.</p>
<p>His expression twisted uncontrollably from pain, but his eyes were unusually sincere and joyful.</p>
<p>He struggled to say to Lumian, “I really… succeeded…</p>
<p>“Join… us… let’s go… be reborn together…”</p>
<p>Before he finished speaking, Li Keji’s head shattered even more severely, breaking into individual pixels.</p>
<p>Almost simultaneously, Lumian found that the giant oak tree had suffered a similar fate.</p>
<p>But after it disintegrated, Madame Pualis and baby Omebella did not appear in the tree’s core.</p>
<p>They had hidden somewhere unknown, or perhaps had left the dream in some way beforehand.</p>
<p><em>So powerful… Is this the power of the dream’s main consciousness maintaining order?</em> Lumian activated the black mark on his right shoulder, trying to escape the current collapse of Paramita.</p>
<p>Although he had mentally prepared himself to be completely kicked out of the dream and never be able to return, he hadn’t been sentenced yet, had he?</p>
<p>He had to struggle a bit!</p>
<p>What if he succeeded?</p>
<p>Lumian’s figure immediately disappeared from the spot.</p>
<p>His chosen destination was the entrance of Yangdu Prison.</p>
<p><em>Yes, I’ve committed a crime, you can lock me up, but don’t “exile” me!</em></p>
<p>The next second, Lumian appeared in a spacious office, seeing a middle-aged man wearing a clean white shirt with black diamond-patterned police ranks on his shoulders.</p>
<p>This middle-aged man had a rigid demeanor, with deep black hair interspersed with some white. He sat quietly behind the desk, looking at Lumian with deep brown, almost black eyes. He was clearly the chief of the dream city’s Police Department, the symbol of the Uniqueness of the Door pathway, Yagates!</p>
<p>My teleportation destination was changed to the police chief’s office? Lumian suddenly had this realization.</p>
<p>At this moment, Yagates asked in a deep voice, “Who are you, and what do you intend to do in Yangdu?”</p>
<p>Along with the deputy chief’s questioning, Lumian suddenly felt a strong rejection from the dream and his own rapid marionettization.</p>
<p>He understood very well that if he left the dream city like this, he would never be able to return.</p>
<p>Lumian’s thoughts raced as he made a final struggle.</p>
<p>He recalled a hint Amon had given him on the way to Mushu Hospital.</p>
<p><em>“The most fundamental fact is that The Fool has never accommodated the Uniqueness of the Error and Door pathways, while the Celestial Worthy has…”</em></p>
<p><em>This sentence didn’t mention that Mr. Door had long accommodated the Uniqueness of the Door pathway, and Amon had briefly accommodated it…</em></p>
<p><em>So, the Chief Yagate’s essence is a product of the dream subconscious cognition, Mr. Door’s spiritual imprint, the Celestial Worthy’s spiritual imprint, and a bit of Amon’s spiritual imprint, combined to symbolize the Uniqueness of the Door pathway, symbolizing the dream’s main consciousness maintaining order…</em></p>
<p><em>Chief Yagates… only the dream subconscious part has a bit of Mr. Fool’s spirit… To avoid being kicked out this time, or not being completely kicked out, I can only find a way to strengthen or stimulate Mr. Door’s spiritual imprint…</em> Lumian had an inspiration in a very short time and recalled Madam Magician’s introduction to Mr. Door.</p>
<p>Before his thoughts stalled completely, before the dream’s rejecting force threw him out, Lumian blurted out in response to the Chief’s question, “I am… an ally of the… Abraham family!”</p>
<p>Suddenly, Lumian felt the air around him solidify.</p>
<p>At the same time, he noticed that the Chief’s deep brown, almost black eyes showed a hint of confusion and contemplation. His brows furrowed unconsciously, as if trying to remember something but unable to truly recall.</p>
<p>The force rapidly marionettizing Lumian suddenly slowed, and the strong rejection from the dream did the same.</p>
<p><em>As expected… Chief Yagates mainly embodies the conflict between Mr. Door’s spiritual imprint and the Celestial Worthy’s spiritual imprint… Just now, I was thinking that even if being completely kicked out of the dream was unavoidable, I should still tell Chief Yagates about Mr. Door directly with the idea of mutual destruction, stimulating the corresponding spiritual imprint to make it more active…</em> Lumian’s condition improved considerably, and his thoughts were no longer so stalled.</p>
<p>Seeing that Chief Yagates didn’t respond, he further said, “My guide is a student of a member of the Abraham family, and now she is protecting the entire Abraham family!”</p>
<p>Chief Yagates’s expression grew more confused, but his face was no longer stern.</p>
<p>Lumian quickly examined himself and found that the dream’s rejecting force still existed but had weakened slightly.</p>
<p><em>It’s working, I need to increase the intensity!</em> Lumian thought for just a second before shouting, following his spiritual intuition, “I am a Hunter, and also a Demoness, and I still have traces of Alista Tudor’s aura on me!”</p>
<p>“Alista Tudor…” Chief Yagates murmured, repeating the name as if it were both familiar and unfamiliar.</p>
<p>Feeling that the dream was still rejecting him, Lumian considered for a moment and said, “I’ve also been corrupted by the crimson moon, but currently, the situation is under control.”</p>
<p>He knew that Mr. Door had once encountered corruption from the Great Mother, which was a common point between them.</p>
<p>Earlier, he would have directly stated that it was corruption from the Great Mother—after all, it was a desperate struggle, what couldn’t be said?</p>
<p>But now, seeing hope of not being completely kicked out of the dream, he naturally dared not speak too plainly, fearing that it would not only stimulate Mr. Door but also the Celestial Worthy, causing the situation to take a sharp turn for the worse!</p>
<p>In a popular saying in dream city, this would be like “he who is down need fear no fall.”</p>
<p>Previously, Lumian was down and had nothing to lose, but now the change in the situation had put him back on his feet, giving him something to be cautious about.</p>
<p>Chief Yagates once again gazed at Lumian in his Demoness of Despair state, seemingly re-evaluating this wanted criminal who had brought chaos and conflict.</p>
<p>But the dreamscape’s rejecting force didn’t weaken further.</p>
<p>Lumian endured this rejection and rapid marionettization, and thought of another connection between himself and Mr. Door.</p>
<p>With an attitude of giving it a try, he said, “Amon once guided me.”</p>
<p>He said this not only because Mr. Door and Amon were both Grand Dukes of the Tudor Empire, but also with the hidden intention of stimulating that bit of Amon’s spiritual imprint within the Chief.</p>
<p>“Amon…” Chief Yagates raised his right hand and pinched his chin.</p>
<p>Lumian saw his reaction but didn’t feel the dream’s rejecting force and rapid marionettization force continue to weaken.</p>
<p><em>It’s still not enough, just a little more…</em> Lumian shouted one last time before he could no longer resist that rejecting force, “I came to Yangdu to fight against those destroyers, to fight against the apostles of evil gods, to prevent the evil gods from invading!”</p>
<p>As soon as he finished speaking, Lumian felt the dream’s rejecting force suddenly weaken, and the force trying to marionettize him became vague and unclear.</p>
<p>Chief Yagates, looking at Lumian, slowly nodded. “I can sense that you’re not lying.</p>
<p>“Breaking the law must certainly be punished, but if there are reasons and it’s pitiable, the punishment can be reduced.”</p>
<p>Hearing these two sentences, Lumian quietly breathed a sigh of relief.</p>
<p>His interpretation of this was: he would be imprisoned, but not for life or sentenced to death;</p>
<p>he would be kicked out of the dream, but not completely kicked out.</p>
<p>“I accept the punishment,” Lumian didn’t argue further, because Chief Yagates had already passed his judgment.</p>
<p>He only sincerely requested, “Can I notify my family?”</p>
<p>“You may.” The stern-faced Chief Yagates didn’t refuse this request.</p>
<p>Lumian quickly took out his phone and, in front of Chief Yagates, sent a voice-to-text WeChat message to Franca:</p>
<p>“I’m fine, but I might be locked up for a while. You can ask Miss Huang for help to find a lawyer, see if they can get me out on bail.</p>
<p>“The mushroom monster has been eliminated, but Li Keji said he ultimately succeeded. Wait for Jenna to come back, and have her take Li Lu to tour the wards in Crimson Moon Hospital and Mushu Hospital where Li Keji was hospitalized. See if they can discover anything.</p>
<p>“Also, pay attention to whether Mushu Hospital has changed its dean.”</p>
<p>After sending this message, Lumian waited for about ten seconds before receiving a brief reply from Franca:</p>
<p>“Okay.”</p>
<p>Lumian immediately used the Information Shredder to delete the chat history along with the contact list, then put the phone back into the Traveler’s Bag.</p>
<p>After doing this, he looked back at Chief Yagates. “I’m ready.”</p>
<p>Only then did the deputy chief pick up the desk phone and dial a number.</p>
<p>“Deng, come over here for a moment.”</p>
<p>As he spoke, Lumian felt the dream’s rejecting force become strong once again.</p>
<p>He no longer resisted, following this force to exit the dream.</p>
<hr />
<p>Trier, inside a luxurious villa.</p>
<p>Lumian opened his eyes in bed for the second time in one day.</p>
<p>After examining his state, his first reaction was to try to enter the dream city again.</p>
<p>The next second, he felt he wasn’t blocked, so he stopped this behavior, planning to wait 24 hours before trying again.</p>
<p>From a timing perspective, this wouldn’t affect Queen Mystic’s plan to banish the mirrored Emperor Roselle.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
