<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1026.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1019-who-is-the-father" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1019: Who is the Father?</h2>
<p><em>Phew…</em> Lumian exhaled, got out of bed, and walked out of the room.</p>
<p>In the living room downstairs, Madam Justice was serving Madam Magician, Madam Judgment, Jenna, and Anthony the most authentic Loen afternoon tea.</p>
<p>This was also to soothe the minds and spirits of the two Minor Arcana, helping them relax and feel the reality of the present moment.</p>
<p>“Why have you left the dream again?” Jenna looked at Lumian in the living room doorway with surprise.</p>
<p>“I was kicked out,” Lumian said with a smile.</p>
<p>Compared to being completely kicked out, being able to enter the dream again was indeed something to be happy about.</p>
<p>“Because of Li Keji?” Madam Magician asked thoughtfully.</p>
<p>“Yes.” Lumian sat down and recounted his agreement with Queen Mystic, Li Keji’s transfer and tragic treatment, and what Amon had said in the ride-hailing car.</p>
<p>After hearing Amon’s interpretation of the symbolic meanings of the dream images of Peng Deng, Grisha, and others, Madam Justice said somewhat embarrassedly, “I’m really not an expert in this area.”</p>
<p>“That’s perfectly normal,” Madam Magician said with a smile. “Mr. Pallez’s interpretation will arrive soon, and we can compare it with Amon’s.”</p>
<p>After saying this, she gestured for Lumian to continue.</p>
<p>Lumian went on to describe Li Keji’s transformation, Madame Pualis’s appearance as the new dean of Mushu Hospital, the appearance of baby Omebella, and what happened after he recited Mr. Door’s honorific name.</p>
<p>“Using ties worked?” Madam Magician asked, both surprised and amused to hear that Lumian wasn’t permanently kicked out of the dream city and could enter once more.</p>
<p>If she had known this earlier, she might have been able to obtain a better outcome previously!</p>
<p>Madam Justice glanced at Madam Magician, reading her true thoughts.</p>
<p>In Madam Justice’s view, this actually reflected a difference in personality:</p>
<p>Being permanently kicked out of the dream wouldn’t result in death, and one could still follow the guidance of fate to give away the lucky coin, find new helpers, and continue exploring and experimenting in the dream city. Therefore, Madam Magician couldn’t have had the mindset of being on the brink of perishing and struggling desperately, so she more easily accepted the corresponding outcome.</p>
<p>Lumian was different. He had experienced being a tramp, and in such a life, every bit of resource and every opportunity was extremely important. Therefore, he wasn’t used to giving up and would instinctively struggle until failure truly arrived.</p>
<p>“It works,” Lumian recalled. “Chief Yagates had the strongest reactions to things related to the Abraham family and protecting the dream city from invasion by evil gods. His feedback on these was also the most positive. Hmm, the names of the Blood Emperor and Amon also stimulated him to some degree, giving him a sense of familiarity. But he didn’t have an obvious reaction to the matter of the Great Mother’s corruption.”</p>
<p>“Related to the Abraham family… protecting the dream city from invasion by evil gods…” Madam Magician suddenly sighed.</p>
<p>Madam Judgment then said to Lumian, “After experiencing Amon’s deification, the Great Mother’s corruption probably doesn’t have much manifestation in Chief Yagates anymore.</p>
<p>“And only you could elicit certain reactions from Chief Yagates through the names of the Blood Emperor and Amon.”</p>
<p>Lumian understood Madam Judgment’s meaning.</p>
<p>Only someone like him, carrying the residual aura of the Blood Emperor and Amon’s boon, could say such words with credibility and bring about genuine stimulation.</p>
<p>“Let’s hope that the things you mentioned can make Mr. Door’s spiritual imprint on Chief Yagates more active and maintain it for a while. This will be very helpful for subsequent probing and experiments.” Madam Justice nodded in agreement.</p>
<p>She vaguely felt that the lucky coin ending up with Lumian after all its twists and turns was indeed the guidance of fate.</p>
<p>There was only one person who simultaneously embodied the concepts of Hunter, Demoness, demigod, Amon’s boon, residual aura of the Blood Emperor, Omebella’s bloodline, Underworld Daoist’s seal, relative of a transmigrator, and having a connection to the Abraham family.</p>
<p>At this point, Jenna, more concerned about another matter, raised a question, “What’s the deal with that baby Omebella that Madame Pualis was holding?”</p>
<p>What impact would this have on Lumian?</p>
<p>“When I arrived in Cordu, the crib was long empty. All I know is that the Child of God has already been born in the spirit world. The initial root of all this was indeed the child Madame Pualis ‘lost’.” Madam Magician slowly shook her head.</p>
<p>Lumian recalled and said, “Last year, in Trier, Madame Pualis said that the child had died long ago, killed by her father—the padre—who didn’t know it was his child…</p>
<p>“This time, Madame Pualis said again that the child’s father was ostensibly the padre, but actually someone else. Who could it be?”</p>
<p>Madam Magician pondered for quite a while, then said with a slightly peculiar expression, “Perhaps, at that time, baby Omebella had to die because she didn’t yet have sufficient conditions to truly be born into the real world. Being killed by her father might be an important symbol for her future rebirth and arrival in reality.”</p>
<p>“You have a guess about her real father?” Madam Justice looked at Madam Magician, not hiding her curiosity.</p>
<p>What kind of guess could make Madam Magician’s expression change so obviously and strangely?</p>
<p>Seeing Lumian, Jenna, and others also looking at her, Madam Magician cleared her throat and said, “It’s just a guess, I can’t guarantee it’s correct.”</p>
<p>“Who?” Madam Judgment asked cooperatively.</p>
<p>Madam Magician looked up at the sky and lowered her voice. “Eternal Blazing Sun.”</p>
<p><em>What?</em> Jenna and Anthony were stunned.</p>
<p>Madam Justice and Madam Judgment were equally surprised.</p>
<p><em>Eternal Blazing Sun?</em> Lumian looked at Madam Magician with only one thought in mind, <em>How did she make that connection? Is this what it means to be a novelist?</em></p>
<p>Madam Magician stood up and began to pace as she spoke, “Guillaume Bénet was the padre of the Eternal Blazing Sun Church in Cordu Village, essentially the representative of the Eternal Blazing Sun in this parish. Is there any problem with this statement?”</p>
<p>“No.” Jenna instinctively shook her head.</p>
<p>This was basic theological knowledge.</p>
<p>Madam Magician looked at Lumian.</p>
<p>“You saw Madame Pualis and the padre having an affair in the cathedral at that time, right?”</p>
<p>“Yes.” Lumian nodded slightly.</p>
<p>“Having an affair and conceiving a child in the Eternal Blazing Sun cathedral, near the altar, with the representative of the Eternal Blazing Sun could indeed point to the Eternal Blazing Sun as the child’s father. But the premise is that the Eternal Blazing Sun Himself agreed or acquiesced, which is impossible, right?” Madam Judgment felt this was something a High-Sequence being of the Sun pathway wouldn’t do.</p>
<p>Madam Magician smiled. “The Eternal Blazing Sun certainly didn’t agree or acquiesce at the time, and might not even have known about it. This is also one of the reasons why that baby had to die after being born in Cordu Village—the corresponding symbolism wasn’t established yet.</p>
<p>“But do you remember what happened afterwards? The Eternal Blazing Sun pretended to cooperate with the Great Mother, letting Lady Moon of the Nightstalkers conceive a Child of God.</p>
<p>“Later, the birth and advent of that Child of God helped Red Angel Medici successfully kill Vermonda Sauron and obtain that Conqueror Beyonder characteristic.</p>
<p>“Not long after that Child of God was sacrificed, Madame Pualis—who entered Fourth Epoch Trier disappeared—unaffected by the subsequent cleanup.</p>
<p>“These events, when viewed separately, don’t seem problematic. But when connected, they point to something.”</p>
<p>Madam Justice nodded thoughtfully.</p>
<p>“The Eternal Blazing Sun used the Great Mother to make Red Angel Medici’s plot succeed, but was also used by the Great Mother?”</p>
<p>Madam Magician sighed and said, “What the Great Mother wanted from the beginning wasn’t the baby in Lady Moon’s womb, but the act of the Eternal Blazing Sun making Lady Moon conceive a Child of God—this symbolism.</p>
<p>“Once that Child of God died, the long-deceased baby Omebella, who had the basic symbolism, inherited this relationship, gained new life, and helped Madame Pualis escape the subsequent cleanup.</p>
<p>“It wasn’t until then that baby Omebella was truly born, but she wasn’t complete enough yet and needed to find a medium to descend into reality. After that, whether it was Father Montserrat or that bird egg in the depths of the Underworld, they were probably preparing for this.”</p>
<p>“Now, I’m the best medium?” Lumian suddenly understood why Madame Pualis wanted him to come over, saying the child needed him.</p>
<p>Jenna listened in a daze, taking quite a while to sort out the relationships.</p>
<p>She asked confusedly, “But letting the father-child relationship of Lady Moon’s child be inherited by the long-deceased baby Omebella doesn’t seem like something within the Great Mother’s authority.”</p>
<p>“The Celestial Worthy—if the two great existences were already cooperating at that time.” Madam Magician answered concisely.</p>
<p>“Reasoning it out this way, the Eternal Blazing Sun really could be the father of that baby Omebella in Madame Pualis’s arms…” Lumian couldn’t help but mutter, “The padre wasn’t wrong when he said the affair was an action of the holy church… Although he himself didn’t know the true meaning… Is this also a manifestation of symbolism?”</p>
<p>The room fell silent.</p>
<p>After quite a while, Madam Judgment broke the silence. “We need to report this to the Eternal Blazing Sun Church.”</p>
<p>This wasn’t to let the clergy of the Eternal Blazing Sun Church know about the “scandal”, but to remind the true god Eternal Blazing Sun to pay attention to the relevant issues.</p>
<p>The Great Mother making Omebella’s father a deity was certainly not just to make the child’s status more noble, to become a true Child of God. There must be hidden purposes!</p>
<p>“But how should we explain this to the clergy of the Eternal Blazing Sun Church? With their fanaticism and purity, I’m afraid they might purge me on the spot.” Madam Magician expressed a troubled look.</p>
<p><em>Indeed, we can’t just tell those padres, bishops, and archbishops that their god was seduced by an evil god, can we?</em> Lumian grumbled inwardly.</p>
<p>“Just say that Madame Pualis has appeared again, with a child between reality and illusion named Omebella, and that Omebella’s father is ostensibly Guillaume Benet, the padre of Cordu Village, but actually someone else,” Madam Justice said, choosing her words carefully. “Then mention that the baby had actually already died in Cordu Village, killed by the padre. With the Red Angel Medici’s intelligence, it wouldn’t be hard to make the relevant associations and come to similar conclusions.”</p>
<p>“Alright.” Madam Magician nodded solemnly.</p>
<p>After agreeing, this Major Arcana sincerely sighed. “I’ve realized that everyone who tries to use the Great Mother ends up being used by the Great Mother.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
