<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1057.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1049-patron-saint" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1049: Patron Saint</h2>
<p>After being stunned, Franca’s first reaction was, <em>How does she know?</em></p>
<p>Although Franca had long suspected that the one at the Star Dream Provisions Store was the Evernight Goddess, and believed that Madame Hela was highly valued by this deity; otherwise, that ancient palace in the Nation of the Evernight wouldn’t have been offered as a meeting place for the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society. She never imagined that the Evernight Goddess would tell Hela about something as trivial as their entry into Mr. Fool’s dream.</p>
<p><em>Shouldn’t She have only mentioned Mr. Fool’s initial awakening?</em></p>
<p>Hela continued, “Actually, I’ve known the truth about the transmigration for a long time.”</p>
<p>Franca, who had carefully prepared an explanation and planned to gradually tell Madame Hela about the transmigration to avoid shocking her too much, was completely dumbfounded.</p>
<p><em>When did this happen?</em></p>
<p><em>Before we knew?</em></p>
<p><em>How does she know?</em></p>
<p>At this moment, the waiter brought over a glass of absinthe swirling with dreamlike green color and a triple shot of Reem coffee.</p>
<p>After drinking the glass of absinthe in one go, Hela’s pale, cold face showed a bit more expression.</p>
<p>“After Port Santa’s sea prayer ritual.</p>
<p>“After seeing the fairy tale-like magic used by the helper you invited.”</p>
<p>“Like Cinderella, Jack and the Beanstalk, Sleeping Beauty?” Franca recalled Ma’am Hermit’s performance then, muttering, “I thought they came from Emperor Roselle’s fairy tales…”</p>
<p>Hela gazed at Franca with her pitch-black eyes.</p>
<p>“I requested materials about this and learned what the core ability of Sequence 4 Mysticologist of the Mystery Pryer pathway is.</p>
<p>“It’s called Mystical Re-enactment, which can draw power from mystical knowledge to create magic or witchcraft. The less known and spread the corresponding mystical knowledge is, the stronger the created spells become.”</p>
<p>Franca vaguely began to understand.</p>
<p>“Those fairy tales aren’t just stories, but mystical knowledge?”</p>
<p>“This proves they actually happened, in this current world,” Hela stated her conclusion. “From that day on, I knew we had always been in our original world, only time had passed.”</p>
<p>Franca suddenly remembered Hela’s gaze and attitude when she mentioned Harrison and the hope of returning home at the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society gathering.</p>
<p><em>At that time, she had already guessed the truth…</em></p>
<p><em>At that time, she was looking at us with sadness and pity…</em></p>
<p>Hela finished her triple shot of Reem and continued, “I had originally planned to hint at this to you all, but then the Harrison incident happened, and many of you became very excited, very hopeful.”</p>
<p>“Like me,” Franca said with a self-deprecating smile.</p>
<p>She took a sip of her coffee and hesitantly asked, “Madame Hela, should we tell the other members the truth about the transmigration?”</p>
<p>Hela had already thought about this. “Not for now. Let those who haven’t accepted reality live with hope.</p>
<p>“After we survive the apocalypse, if everyone’s still here, we can gradually tell them the truth.”</p>
<p>“Indeed, having something to hold onto is good,” Franca sighed in agreement.</p>
<p>She added, “However, we can’t let these hopes become too strong, too intense, or too urgent. Otherwise, I’m worried some of them might make rather extreme choices and actions.”</p>
<p>After speaking, Franca saw a slightly relieved expression appear on Madame Hela’s face.</p>
<p>Hela nodded and said, “This is good enough for now, don’t actually catch Harrison.”</p>
<p>“Even if we catch him, we can’t tell them,” Franca replied, showing their mutual understanding.</p>
<p>She then inquired, “Should we talk about the apocalypse?”</p>
<p>“We can mention a bit, focusing on emphasizing hope,” Hela answered.</p>
<p><em>Just like what I was thinking…</em> Franca proceeded to ask, “When is the next gathering?”</p>
<p>“Aiming for sometime this week,” Hela decided.</p>
<p>Having discussed the important matters, Franca gazed at Hela’s pitch-black eyes and pale face, remained silent for a few seconds, then spoke from her heart, “Speaking of hopes earlier, do you have any hopes left?”</p>
<p>This wasn’t really a question—she didn’t expect an answer. She was just reflecting.</p>
<p>To her surprise, Hela actually answered, This lady dressed as a black widow said with a faint smile,</p>
<p>“My biggest hope now is to survive the apocalypse.</p>
<p>“If the apocalypse crisis is resolved, and we’re all still alive…”</p>
<p>As she spoke, she seemed to drift into memories.</p>
<p>“The most memorable gift in my life was the telescope my parents gave me, because I loved watching stars since childhood, and loved imagining what existed in that vast cosmos…</p>
<p>“If we truly survive the apocalypse, I have two dreams:</p>
<p>“First is for this world to develop into something like our original one—it doesn’t have to be exactly the same, just similar.</p>
<p>“Second, provided those evil gods are gone and I can protect myself, I want to use my abilities or help from certain Sealed Artifacts to explore the stars, visit different galaxies, and experience different civilizations…”</p>
<p>Franca gradually became lost in the reverie.</p>
<p><em>Such a life doesn’t sound bad…</em></p>
<p><em>Usually staying in Trier, enjoying modern life, and when bored, inviting Jenna, Lumian, and Aurore, along with Anthony, Ludwig, Madam Judgment, 007 and others to form a travel group, touring other countries, continents, planets, and civilizations together…</em></p>
<p><em>The cosmos is indeed dangerous, and we might not survive the apocalypse, but people need something to hope for…</em></p>
<p>Looking at Hela speaking softly, Franca suddenly felt this lady’s image become much more vivid in her mind.</p>
<p>She waved over the waiter who had been sneaking glances at her from afar, and ordered two glasses of sweet wine and two glasses of absinthe.</p>
<p>Picking up one glass of sweet wine, she made a toasting gesture. Hela didn’t quite understand but still raised her absinthe.</p>
<p>“This toast is to our homeland,” Franca clinked glasses gently and drank her sweet wine.</p>
<p>After Hela finished her glass of green liquid, she picked up another glass of sweet wine and said, half-smiling, half-wistfully, “This toast is to distant horizons.”</p>
<p>With a gentle clink, the two different colored liquids swayed, their contained light dispersing outward.</p>
<hr />
<p>After returning to the luxurious villa in the arts district, Franca said to Lumian, “Madame Hela said she’ll convene a meeting this week, aiming for before Saturday.”</p>
<p>Lumian nodded and continued, “Madam Judgment has also replied to us. The Church of Knowledge has agreed to our request, but they need to do some preprocessing and necessary preparations. The time to go to the City of Exiles is set for next Monday.”</p>
<p>“That’s good, Julien won’t return to Trier until next Thursday.” Franca looked toward Jenna beside her. “Honestly, we need to trick your brother into leaving soon and not return to Trier for two years. If the information from 007 is correct, Trier will be a key point in the outbreak of the apocalypse.”</p>
<p>Jenna nodded solemnly. “I’m working on it.”</p>
<p>“There’s suddenly nothing much to do.” Lumian smiled as he picked up his wide-brimmed hat with veil from beside him. “Let’s go for a walk.”</p>
<p>“Your attitude has really improved. In the past, you would definitely have been anxious—waiting time was always the hardest to endure,” Franca remarked teasingly.</p>
<p>Jenna asked instead, “Where to?”</p>
<p>Lumian smiled.</p>
<p>“Let’s go to Lavigny Docks, to Mr. Fool’s cathedral. The establishment and preaching about the patron saint should have already begun.</p>
<p>“I want to go listen.”</p>
<p>“Listen to others talk about yourself? Wouldn’t that be too awkward?” Franca’s face showed resistance.</p>
<p>Neither she nor Lumian had told Madam Magician which cathedral they wanted to be assigned to, because they both wanted to be modest, yet felt the other wouldn’t agree, so they simply let the Church of The Fool decide.</p>
<p>“I don’t mind,” Lumian smiled. “Besides, we should also look around the area to see if there’s any way to collect anchors.”</p>
<p>“Fine,” Franca sighed. “If this were in the dream city, I’d debut as a celebrity! Those fans would be my anchors! Though there are problems with that too—these kinds of anchors have an expiration date and can’t be passed down. Plus, the different attitudes and focus points from fans would bring conflicting perceptions, which might affect my state.”</p>
<p>“That’s one way,” Lumian looked at Jenna. “When you reach Sequence 3, you could consider becoming the most famous theater actress in the Northern and Southern continents. Of course, this is assuming you receive Mr. Fool’s protection, or…”</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t finish his sentence.</p>
<hr />
<p>At the square district, Lavigny Docks, inside Mr. Fool’s cathedral with its wide, clear windows.</p>
<p>Lumian, Franca, and Jenna, wearing hats with lowered veils, settled into a corner of the rows of seats.</p>
<p>At this time, the half-giant bishop—with golden hair, standing over 2.5 meters tall, wearing a custom-made coat and silk top hat—was preaching.</p>
<p>On one wall that had previously been bare, artists were using scaffolding and various tools to create new murals.</p>
<p>In this world where the Church held such high status, being commissioned to create religious murals for a cathedral was the highest recognition and praise a painter could receive.</p>
<p>Shortly after Lumian and the others sat down, removed their hats, and lowered their heads, the half-giant bishop proclaimed in a solemn, resonant voice, “Let us praise Mr. Fool.”</p>
<p>“Praise The Fool!” All the believers, including the bishop, stood up and pressed their hands to their chests.</p>
<p>The half-giant bishop continued, “Let us also praise this cathedral’s patron saint, the great Saint Franca.</p>
<p>“Our cathedral is thus named!”</p>
<p>Franca’s toes began to curl tightly inside her boots.</p>
<p>The half-giant bishop continued, “Saint Franca is Mr. Fool’s cup, bearing people’s joy and pain, keeping disease and plague at bay, she is the ageless one, the Demoness who spreads strife and catastrophe to enemies…</p>
<p>“She once walked in Mr. Fool’s dream, working for the Lord’s return, she broke through illusion and reality, bringing the Lord’s grace to the land…”</p>
<p><em>Dammit, they make me sound so impressive…</em> Franca felt both embarrassed and somewhat pleased.</p>
<p>After recounting Saint Franca’s deeds, the half-giant bishop said, “Let us praise Saint Franca!</p>
<p>“Praise the One Who Never Ages, Keeper of Diseases and Plagues, the Demoness Accompanied by Strife and Catastrophe, the Cup Bearing Joy and Pain, the Great Franca Roland!”</p>
<p>The believers began to pray along with the bishop.</p>
<p>Franca suddenly froze, and turned her head toward Lumian and Jenna with a slightly bewildered expression.</p>
<p>“I hear some illusory voices, and I see some points of light…”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
