<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1003.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-996-psychological-trauma" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 996: Psychological Trauma</h2>
<p>Mushu Hospital?</p>
<p>Franca and Jenna suddenly felt as if they had been struck by lightning, a tingling sensation rapidly shooting up from their tailbones to the backs of their heads.</p>
<p>How did they end up at Mushu Hospital?</p>
<p>Was this real or fake?</p>
<p>Franca didn’t need to take out a mirror and use Magic Mirror Divination to get an answer. Her spiritual intuition had already told her that this was most likely the real Mushu Hospital!</p>
<p>Although she didn’t understand how she and Jenna had been sleeping peacefully in Room 2303 of Dechuang Garden and then unknowingly arrived at Mushu Hospital, she chose to trust her spiritual intuition.</p>
<p>Jenna had a similar judgment. After exchanging a glance with Franca, she stood still, closed her eyes, and quickly entered a Cogitative state, imagining herself standing on the edge of a cliff.</p>
<p>In her imagination, she leaped off, jumping towards a bottomless abyss.</p>
<p>She fell faster and faster, but there was no shattering of darkness, no waking up startled from a dream.</p>
<p>Jenna opened her eyes and slowly shook her head at Franca.</p>
<p>Her meaning was clear: here, they couldn’t exit the dream city and return to the real world!</p>
<p>Hiss… Would the above-ground floors of Mushu Hospital have similar restrictions? This might be in the underground area of Mushu Hospital… Franca instantly came up with a new speculation.</p>
<p>Her already highly tense mental state drew even closer to its limit.</p>
<p>“What’s wrong?” Luo Shan still looked bewildered.</p>
<p>Hearing Luo Shan’s question, Franca suddenly had a series of thoughts:</p>
<p>Just now, Luo Shan said this was her dream…</p>
<p>But this is the real Mushu Hospital, quite possibly the underground part of Mushu Hospital…</p>
<p>Did her dream connect to this place, transferring Beyonders within a certain range here?</p>
<p>Why could it connect, why could it transfer us?</p>
<p>Wait, according to our previous judgment, every character in the dream city is constructed by the dream subconscious based on its own cognition and social relationships. Luo Shan is the same, and the dream subconscious is a blend of Mr. Fool’s subconscious and the Celestial Worthy’s subconscious. In other words, Luo Shan is equivalent to a part of the dream subconscious, equivalent to a division of Mr. Fool’s subconscious.</p>
<p>She developed psychological trauma from the shock that the current world is a dream city, which is equivalent to a part of Mr. Fool’s divided subconscious developing psychological trauma, while the underground area of Mushu Hospital is where Mr. Fool’s psychological traumas converge and manifest…</p>
<p>This connects everything together. Hmm, the psychological traumas manifesting in the underground area of Mushu Hospital should not only be from Mr. Fool, but also include those of the Celestial Worthy. More accurately, they come from the dream subconscious, which is formed by blending Mr. Fool’s and the Celestial Worthy’s subconsciouses. My goodness, will we encounter the Celestial Worthy’s psychological traumas later?</p>
<p>However, this also has a good side. If we know what the Celestial Worthy’s psychological traumas are, and can escape alive, we could deduce ways to weaken the Celestial Worthy.</p>
<p>Hmm… Purely having mystical similarities and close mystical connections is not enough for Luo Shan to bring me and Jenna to appear out of thin air in the underground area of Mushu Hospital. There needs to be a force to push, to utilize…</p>
<p>At first, Luo Shan heard ‘Truth can become false, falsehood can become true. The Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings’… This indicates that she has actually been targeted by some faction, the problem has been identified, but that faction wanted to fish or wait for an opportunity before taking action?</p>
<p>Zaratulstra’s group? No, if it were them, Zaratulstra would have absolutely guarded against the possibility of Zhou Mingrui being invited to eat at the hot pot restaurant…</p>
<p>As thoughts flashed through Franca’s mind, she didn’t dare waste time on deep thinking and analysis. She carefully chose her words and said to Luo Shan, “This might be the underground part of Mushu Hospital, and it’s not something you dreamed up, it’s real.”</p>
<p>Without waiting for Luo Shan to ask further questions, Franca made up a reason based on her recent speculation. “There’s likely an enemy hidden in or near your room who, while you were sleeping, exerted influence and used your Shaman world to transfer us here out of thin air.”</p>
<p>Luo Shan blinked and said, “No wonder at first it was like my usual dreams, but then I became more and more lucid…</p>
<p>“Why bring us to the underground of Mushu Hospital? Is there a big problem here?”</p>
<p>As the two conversed, Jenna searched through her Traveler’s Bag.</p>
<p>She originally wanted to make a phone call or send a WeChat message to try to call for help or contact Lumian, but she and Franca had put their phones beside their pillows before sleeping, not holding them tightly or carrying them on their persons. Therefore, they were both currently “phoneless”.</p>
<p>Jenna took out the Ice Mirror Charm with only one use left and held it in her palm—she had another Ice Mirror Charm that could be used four times, which Lumian had found an opportunity to remake for all team members after being kicked out of the dream the day before yesterday.</p>
<p>“I don’t know, I’m only sure that it’s very dangerous here, we need to leave as soon as possible,” Franca replied to Luo Shan, looking back and forth. “Let’s quickly find the elevator lobby and go up to the first floor by elevator or stairs.”</p>
<p>Luo Shan’s spirits also tensed up as she followed Franca’s actions, surveying their surroundings.</p>
<p>At this moment, Jenna activated the Ice Mirror Charm to see if she could leave the current area through the mirror she carried.</p>
<p>But after being enveloped by the charm’s light, she found that the world behind the mirror was deep and dark, giving her an extremely dangerous feeling.</p>
<p>She didn’t dare to pass through the glass mirror surface and enter the mirror world.</p>
<p>“The mirror world is also abnormal,” Jenna raised her head and said to Franca.</p>
<p>As she spoke, the Ice Mirror Charm in her hand turned into sparkling fragments, quickly scattering and disappearing.</p>
<p>“That’s normal,” Franca wasn’t particularly surprised by this. “In a place like this, maybe we can only leave through normal means and predetermined exits. Let’s go find the elevator lobby now.”</p>
<p>Luo Shan first made a sound of agreement, then remembered her ability and asked with some expectation, “Do you have any paint and brushes? Pencils or pens would work too.”</p>
<p>“You want to draw a door to get out?” Jenna understood.</p>
<p>“Yes.” Luo Shan nodded heavily.</p>
<p>Franca frowned slightly and said, “Are you sure the door you draw will lead to the upper levels of Mushu Hospital or the entrance, and not to other areas of the underground part?”</p>
<p>“I can draw the door of my home, that way we can return home, but there’s a distance limit. I’m not sure if the distance between Mushu Hospital and Dechuang Garden meets the conditions…” Luo Shan’s voice gradually lowered.</p>
<p>Franca quickly made a decision.</p>
<p>“Let’s first look for a real exit, first find the elevator lobby. If we can’t find it, or if we’re trapped, then we’ll risk using your drawn ‘door’.”</p>
<p>Seeing Jenna nod in agreement, Luo Shan could only temporarily abandon the idea of drawing a door to exit.</p>
<p>After giving Luo Shan a fountain pen and a sharpened pencil, Franca turned around, partly relying on observing the environment and partly following her spiritual intuition, and walked towards the other end of the corridor.</p>
<p>Soon, the three saw a door, a double wooden door with glass.</p>
<p>Franca, walking in front, brought her face close to the glass on the door, trying to observe the situation behind it.</p>
<p>But beyond the glass was pitch black. Even with a Demoness’s night vision, she couldn’t clearly see what was hidden inside.</p>
<p>Franca felt as if her eyes were covered by a black cloth, rather than the corresponding environment losing light.</p>
<p>After performing a simple Magic Mirror Divination, Franca stretched out both hands and pushed open the large double wooden doors.</p>
<p>What lay ahead was not an extension of the corridor, but a dimly lit hall with similar double wooden doors at the far end.</p>
<p>What Franca, Jenna, and Luo Shan noticed first was not these, but the corpses hanging from the ceiling.</p>
<p>They were gently swaying.</p>
<p>As they swayed, some of the bodies half-turned, allowing Franca and the others to clearly see their appearances.</p>
<p>There was Ai Nana, the principal of Dream Tutoring Classes, Huang Jiajia, and other teachers from the Dream Tutoring Classes that Jenna had seen before.</p>
<p>“Mmph…” Luo Shan instinctively wanted to scream, but was quickly muffled by Jenna’s hand.</p>
<p>“How is this possible?” Franca’s scalp tingled.</p>
<p>She knew that the dream manifestations of Ai Nana and Huang Jiajia had essentially died and might have been hung up like the Oracle Da Nizi before, but she never imagined they would still be hanging, hanging together, densely packed like wind-dried cured meat.</p>
<p>“They’re hanging here? Then who are the ones outside?</p>
<p>“Didn’t their corpses gain ‘new life’ and run out?</p>
<p>“Lumian said their fates were also connected…”</p>
<p>Jenna had similar questions, and she thought of a possibility.</p>
<p>“Manifestation of psychological trauma?”</p>
<p>Yes, the underground area of Mushu Hospital is where the dream subconscious’s psychological traumas manifest. The psychological trauma created by Ai Nana and Huang Jiajia being hung up and the “rebirth” of corpses running out could exist simultaneously and occur in parallel… Franca accepted this explanation and had no intention of delving deeper into the truth right now.</p>
<p>She said to Jenna and Luo Shan, “Let’s go through, to the door on the other side.”</p>
<p>Luo Shan, encountering such a horrifying scene for the first time, was completely at a loss and could only choose to follow Franca and Jenna’s lead, passing through where the hanging corpses were less dense.</p>
<p>Wind occasionally blew through the hall, causing the corpses to sway back and forth, sometimes swinging left and right, nearly brushing against Luo Shan’s head several times.</p>
<p>Luo Shan used all her strength to keep herself from reacting excessively.</p>
<p>Finally, they “squeezed” through the hanging corpses and reached the double wooden doors representing the exit.</p>
<p>After going through the process and getting the same result as before, Franca once again stretched out both hands and pushed open the doors.</p>
<p>Ahead was a corridor, an extremely dimly lit corridor.</p>
<p>At the end of the corridor stood a blurry figure.</p>
<p>Franca and the others simultaneously raised their guard, carefully passing through the wooden doors and entering the corridor.</p>
<p>The scene before their eyes gradually became clear.</p>
<p>They could now clearly see that blurry figure: it was a giant mushroom, over two meters tall!</p>
<p>The top of the giant mushroom was blood-red, interspersed with white patterns. Its body was composed of countless similar small mushrooms, their patterns collectively depicting a handsome yet strange face. On each side, identical mushrooms extended out, forming slender arms.</p>
<p>Smack!</p>
<p>The double wooden doors behind Franca, Jenna, and Luo Shan closed.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
