<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1005.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-998-tremor" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 998: Tremor</h2>
<p>Zhou Mingrui stared at the downward elevator until its doors closed.</p>
<p>He suppressed the urge within him, choosing not to take the elevator now to explore the underground area of Mushu Hospital.</p>
<p>He needed more intelligence.</p>
<p>Zhou Mingrui withdrew his gaze and walked towards the elevator lobby exit, intending to go to the nearby public restroom as he had pretended earlier.</p>
<p>Suddenly, he looked towards a corner to the side, as if something was hidden in the darkness there.</p>
<p>Zhou Mingrui stared for a while but found nothing unusual.</p>
<p>He continued walking diagonally forward, turning into the public restroom.</p>
<p>After a few seconds, he hid in the shadows, melting into the darkness, and circled back to this area to quietly observe.</p>
<p>After patiently waiting for nearly five minutes and confirming there were no potential observers in the corresponding corner, he returned to the public restroom, feigning the appearance of having just finished his business, and slowly walked out towards the emergency blood drawing area.</p>
<p>It wasn’t until Zhou Mingrui’s figure entered the brightly lit area that Lumian’s image, with flowing black hair and striking beauty, reflected on the metal elevator doors of the surgery-specific elevator in the lobby.</p>
<p>He wore a light gray T-shirt, a jacket slightly lighter than black water, and off-white trousers that were a bit short due to his height, revealing the edges of his socks.</p>
<p><em>Strong spirituality, keen intuition, this doesn’t seem like just a Sequence 9 Assassin…</em> Lumian sighed softly.</p>
<p>Of course, he knew Zhou Mingrui couldn’t be merely a Sequence 9 Assassin.</p>
<p>Earlier, he had hidden in that corner using Invisibility. If Zhou Mingrui had made any move towards the hospital’s underground area, he would have immediately tried to stop him. Who knew, he was almost discovered by Zhou Mingrui.</p>
<p>Fortunately, he wasn’t just a Hunter and a Demoness. With a Blink, he transferred his position, hiding completely within the metal mirror surface formed by the elevator doors.</p>
<p>Lumian walked out of the elevator, about to stealthily approach the emergency center along the largely unlit lobby, when he suddenly felt a vibration under his feet.</p>
<p>It was like a subtle earthquake, or as if a not-too-violent explosion had occurred underground.</p>
<p>Lumian stopped, lowered his head, and stared at the stone-tiled floor.</p>
<p><em>Has something changed in the underground area?</em> Lumian pondered to himself.</p>
<p><em>†</em></p>
<p>Seeing the wooden doors swing open before them, Franca pulled Luo Shan, her feet sliding, quickly hiding in the shadows cast by the dim light to the side.</p>
<p>Then, she merged with the shadows, letting Luo Shan press against the wall behind her, using herself as a “shadow” to provide better cover.</p>
<p>Meanwhile, Jenna used Invisibility.</p>
<p>In the blink of an eye, before the wooden doors were fully open, the three had completed their concealment.</p>
<p>This time, it was again an orderly wearing light blue clothing and a white mask pushing a transfer bed in.</p>
<p>But unlike before, there was a patient covered with a thin blanket lying on the transfer bed.</p>
<p>The patient was in her twenties, wearing a loose blue and white checkered hospital gown, her golden long hair docilely spread to both sides, her forehead neither wide nor narrow, smooth and beautiful, her eyes a jade green, her demeanor melancholic and serene.</p>
<p>The most noticeable thing about her was her abdomen, which was greatly swollen, seeming to be over seven months pregnant.</p>
<p><em>Pushing a patient… there are no wards or examination rooms in the underground area…</em> Franca pondered inwardly.</p>
<p>Of course, she knew that in a place where the dream subconscious’s psychological trauma and the Mother Tree of Desire’s abyssal symbol merged, rationality was a scarce element.</p>
<p>The foreign pregnant woman lying on the transfer bed might well be a psychological trauma of Mr. Fool or that Celestial Worthy!</p>
<p>Luo Shan, shielded behind Franca, only saw the foreign pregnant woman after the transfer bed had passed their hiding spot.</p>
<p>Her gaze suddenly froze.</p>
<p>That was, that was the woman she had just seen in her dream!</p>
<p>Although at that time one of her eyes had been gouged out, hanging near the socket, her face covered with very deep, fleshless wounds, and head-sized bloody tumors growing from both shoulders, Luo Shan still recognized her at a glance.</p>
<p>Luo Shan bit her lip, not letting herself make any sound of surprise.</p>
<p>Just then, from the highly swollen belly of the pregnant woman on the transfer bed came the cry of an infant.</p>
<p>“Waaa!”</p>
<p>Franca instantly bristled.</p>
<p><em>What the hell are you crying for when you’re not even born yet?</em></p>
<p>This cry caused the latent fear in Franca, Jenna, and Luo Shan to explode simultaneously, uncontrollably causing them to make extra movements.</p>
<p>Franca consequently emerged from the shadows, and Jenna could no longer maintain her Invisibility state.</p>
<p>In a flash, the orderly with empty and wooden eyes turned to look at Jenna, and the foreign pregnant woman on the transfer bed also sat up, looking towards Franca and Luo Shan.</p>
<p>Let’s go for it! Franca gritted her teeth and concealed her form.</p>
<p>Her idea was to temporarily repel the orderly and the foreign pregnant woman, then seize the opportunity to escape to the next area through the open double doors.</p>
<p>Based on their previous experience, the “monsters” in the current area would not leave their own “territory”.</p>
<p>The next second, the whites of the orderly’s eyes became more pronounced, a cold aura emanating from his body as he took a large step towards Jenna.</p>
<p>Jenna once again vanished, causing the orderly to grasp at empty air.</p>
<p>Immediately after, her figure quickly outlined behind the orderly, thrusting the sharp dagger in her hand towards the orderly’s back.</p>
<p><em>Pfft!</em></p>
<p>Her dagger seemed to strike metal and ironwood, only piercing the clothing, unable to penetrate the skin.</p>
<p>Jenna wasn’t shocked. She let the quiet, vile Demoness black flame appear on the surface of the dagger, quickly infusing into the orderly’s body.</p>
<p>With a whoosh, the orderly, feeling increasingly inhuman, burst into Demoness black flames from the inside out. He silently wailed as his spirituality and life began to rapidly fade.</p>
<p>On the other side, the first thing Franca did was also use Invisibility, while Luo Shan strode forward, darting out over ten meters in an instant.</p>
<p>Franca appeared in front of the transfer bed, a mirror now in her hand, reflecting the image of the foreign pregnant woman.</p>
<p>Almost simultaneously, she pressed her palm, covered in quiet black flames, towards the mirror surface.</p>
<p>Throughout this process, the foreign pregnant woman’s reactions seemed rather slow, just like an ordinary person.</p>
<p>She then saw black flames erupting from her belly, hearing the baby’s cries becoming more pronounced.</p>
<p>She let out a shrill and agonized scream, her figure instantly disappearing from the transfer bed.</p>
<p>But when she reappeared in Franca’s planned escape direction, the evil black flames were still burning on her body, growing stronger.</p>
<p><em>Plop! Plop! Plop!</em> The foreign pregnant woman’s flesh seemed to melt away, falling to the ground piece by piece.</p>
<p>Feeling her aura rapidly dissipating, seeing the orderly collapse to the ground motionless, Franca actually felt a sense of unreal bewilderment.</p>
<p><em>Is it resolved just like that?</em></p>
<p><em>Was that giant mushroom person from earlier actually an exception, and the “monsters” in Mushu Hospital’s underground area are also suppressed at Sequence 7?</em></p>
<p><em>No, I shouldn’t think like that, raising a flag is bad…</em></p>
<p>Before Franca could correct her thoughts, she saw the foreign pregnant woman fall, her abdomen tearing inch by inch, as if something was trying to burrow out.</p>
<p>At the same time, the pieces of flesh that had fallen to the ground from the foreign pregnant woman also underwent abnormal changes.</p>
<p>Some merged with the floor tiles, transforming into womb-like shapes, giving birth to square-shaped infants with eyebrows and eyes. Some touched the transfer bed, causing the bluish mechanical bed surface to suddenly bulge, sprouting one after another small beds with human heads and wheels for limbs. Some splattered onto the ceiling, causing the energy-saving lights to suddenly brighten, producing dozens of children with human bodies and light bulb heads…</p>
<p>Franca and Jenna instinctively retreated seven or eight steps towards the direction of the mushroom person, seeming to have been stunned.</p>
<p><em>Is this the psychological trauma of a great existence?</em></p>
<p><em>As expected of a great existence’s psychological trauma!</em></p>
<p><em>Don’t come over here!</em></p>
<p><em>I don’t want to give birth!</em></p>
<p>In her terror, Franca drew out the iron-black Inevitable Gun.</p>
<p>She found that the foreign pregnant woman was not completely dead yet, still producing more flesh, and those pieces of flesh were wriggling, seeking new wombs or fathers, constantly giving birth, constantly reproducing.</p>
<p>Moreover, the foreign pregnant woman’s abdomen had completely torn open, and the fetus inside was about to crawl out.</p>
<p>Franca forced herself to calm down, aimed at the foreign pregnant woman’s abdomen, and pulled the trigger.</p>
<p><em>Bang!</em></p>
<p>A bullet exuding a dim blue-green color shot out, passing through the numerous, oddly shaped infants, accurately hitting the target, burrowing into the foreign pregnant woman’s abdomen.</p>
<p>Certain Death!</p>
<p>The cry of the baby in the foreign pregnant woman’s belly suddenly became intense and resentful, but it ceased abruptly in the blink of an eye.</p>
<p>Similarly, the foreign pregnant woman stopped secreting flesh, and those that had already separated also withered after giving birth to a new fetus.</p>
<p><em>Thankfully, Certain Death worked…</em> Seeing this, Franca secretly let out a sigh of relief.</p>
<p>Just then, she, Jenna, and Luo Shan felt the earth tremble.</p>
<p>The tremor only lasted for a second, but Franca and the others saw the new corridor outside the double doors collapsing inch by inch. The walls, rooms, and ceiling there were also falling into an abyss of dense blackness with no visible bottom.</p>
<p>This collapse slowly spread towards the current area.</p>
<p>Franca and Jenna sensed something, one looking up towards the ceiling, the other turning to look at the area where the giant mushroom person was, blocked by the wooden doors.</p>
<p>Franca discovered that the ceiling above them was also falling, but instead of crashing down on them, it was falling directly into the seemingly bottomless dense darkness. Jenna saw that the area where the giant mushroom person was also began to collapse, the collapse spreading towards where they were staying.</p>
<p><em>Does killing that foreign pregnant woman trigger a change in the underground area?</em></p>
<p><em>No, this might be the true appearance of Mushu Hospital’s underground area now, a dark abyss containing various psychological traumas… What we walked through and saw earlier was just a disguise influenced by the dream city, with corridors and some rooms symbolizing safe zones…</em></p>
<p>Franca suddenly had this realization.</p>
<p>“What, what should we do?” Luo Shan finally overcame her terror.</p>
<p>She had first needed eyebleach from the sight of hundreds and thousands of monster infants and their birth process. It shocked her mind before she realized that she and the others seemed to have nowhere to go.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
