<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1021.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1014-transferred" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1014: Transferred</h2>
<p>Crimson Moon Hospital, Psychiatric Ward.</p>
<p>Lumian directly teleported outside Li Keji’s hospital room.</p>
<p>He had put his sunglasses and mask back on.</p>
<p>Taking advantage of the momentary absence of people in this area, Lumian knocked loudly on the steel door.</p>
<p>Almost simultaneously, his spiritual intuition told him: there was no one in this hospital room anymore!</p>
<p>Lumian tensed up and Blinked inside the room.</p>
<p>It was empty, with no one there and no mushrooms. The blanket was neatly folded.</p>
<p>Lumian took out a mirror, about to use divination to find Li Keji.</p>
<p>At this point, he frowned, considered briefly, and gave up on the idea, fearing he might divine images he currently couldn’t bear.</p>
<p>He teleported outside the ward, keeping his sunglasses and mask on, approached the nurses’ station, and said in a deep voice, “I’m here to visit a patient. Which room is Li Keji in?”</p>
<p>The nurse who was organizing medical records looked up and asked in surprise, “You don’t know?”</p>
<p>“Li Keji has been transferred back to Mushu Hospital. He’s been diagnosed with mental issues. Although he doesn’t need to go to jail, he’ll have to be confined for treatment from now on.”</p>
<p><em>Transferred back to Mushu Hospital?</em> Lumian’s heart sank, and he immediately asked, “When did this happen?”</p>
<p>“Just this morning,” the nurse replied, becoming a bit impatient. “If you want to visit him, go to Mushu Hospital.”</p>
<p><em>This morning… At that time, I had returned to the real world to report the situation, Jenna and Anthony had also been kicked out of the dream, leaving only Franca, who wasn’t in good condition, to secretly protect Luo Shan with Ludwig. We couldn’t look after Li Keji’s situation at all. Moreover, last night’s events were too urgent, and we had to deal with Franca’s mental and psychological issues afterward. We didn’t think to notify Queen Mystic in advance… Their timing was impeccable…</em> Lumian asked another question, “Who came to handle the transfer procedures?”</p>
<p>“Of course, it was the patient’s family member, his mom,” the nurse said, looking puzzled at the mask and sunglasses covering Lumian’s face.</p>
<p><em>His mom… Mother…</em> Lumian’s scalp tingled, but he pretended to find it amusing and asked, “How did you confirm that was his mother?”</p>
<p><em>Would you believe me if I said I was?</em></p>
<p>The nurse, both annoyed and amused, said, “She came with the household register!</p>
<p>“And the patient’s boss also testified!”</p>
<p><em>Huang Jiajia was cooperating with Li Keji’s “mom” to handle the transfer?</em> Lumian stopped asking questions and turned to leave the psychiatric ward.</p>
<p>His first reaction was to quickly find a deserted corner and directly teleport to Mushu Hospital, to see if he could get the treatment mushroom before Li Keji truly became the child of the Mother, and rescue him.</p>
<p>If the “prison break” failed, he would switch to assassination, completely eliminating this dream manifestation, leaving nothing for the Great Mother.</p>
<p>Just as he was about to activate the black mark on his right shoulder, Lumian had a new idea.</p>
<p>He had no helpers now and needed to find one.</p>
<p>So, he took out his phone, entered a ride-hailing app, and chose a route from Crimson Moon Hospital to Mushu Hospital.</p>
<p>During this process, he walked out of Crimson Moon Hospital and sent a message to Franca: “Li Keji has been transferred back to Mushu Hospital. Bring Ludwig and wait outside Mushu Hospital. If necessary, have Ludwig come in to find me.</p>
<p>“Remember to notify Luo Shan, tell her to be alert this afternoon and extremely careful. It’s best if she occasionally goes to chat with Zhou Mingrui.</p>
<p>“We can’t lose focus. We can’t rescue Li Keji only to lose Luo Shan.”</p>
<p>“Okay.” Franca replied concisely.</p>
<p>After deleting the chat history using the Information Shredder, Lumian stood by the roadside, patiently waiting for the ride-hailing car to arrive.</p>
<p>In less than two minutes, a white ride-hailing car stopped in front of him.</p>
<p>Lumian quickly opened the front passenger door and got in.</p>
<p>His gaze then turned to the driver, just in time to see him take out a crystal-like monocle and put it on his right eye socket.</p>
<p>Lumian wasn’t surprised at all; this was exactly what he had expected.</p>
<p>After the driver started the car, Lumian said casually, “Long time no see.”</p>
<p>“Not that long, I often watch you all,” Amon said, driving normally without using any Beyonder powers.</p>
<p>“We’ve probably deciphered the symbolic meanings of Peng Deng, Grisha, and others in the dream,” Lumian said matter-of-factly, suppressing his inner anxiety.</p>
<p>“Let’s hear it,” Amon said, honking the horn as the vehicles in front slowed down.</p>
<p>It was clear that He had integrated very well into this dream city.</p>
<p>Lumian chose his words carefully and briefly described Madam Justice’s conjectures.</p>
<p>Amon laughed. “A Spectator is not a qualified Cryptologist. Although the ideas and direction are not wrong, the thinking is not deep enough. If that young lad Pallez were here, it’s possible that all the symbolic meanings would be deciphered.”</p>
<p>“Where did we go wrong?” Lumian’s purpose in bringing up this topic was to get confirmation from Amon.</p>
<p>According to their speculation, Amon and His father, for some unknown reason, no longer intended to maintain balance at present. They wanted to weaken the Celestial Worthy and let Mr. Fool wake up early, which meant They could be considered temporary allies.</p>
<p>Amon turned His head to look at him and said with a smile, “The Spectator herself has said that it’s based on identity and personality to weave real images, not on pathways.</p>
<p>“My father; the True Creator; Adam; the original God Almighty; and Heaven’s deputy, the Left Hand of God, the leader of the Kings of Angels, the Dark Angel Sasrir, how many identities is that in total?”</p>
<p>“Five,” Lumian said thoughtfully. “So the Dark Angel among the eight Kings of Angels was also derived from the Ancient Sun God…”</p>
<p>This was intelligence he didn’t have before.</p>
<p>Amon adjusted His monocle on His right eye, His smile unchanging, and said, “Looking at it this way, it’s actually quite simple to decipher the corresponding symbolic meanings:</p>
<p>“The boss of Aurora Company symbolizes the True Creator, influenced by The Fool’s cognition, mainly active near the headquarters of Intis Group. Peng Deng and Grisha symbolize the one you hate most and the original God Almighty, but their specific positions are not fixed. They can swap at any time, symbolizing fusion and confrontation. Nie Zhen symbolizes the Dark Angel, representing the part that split off from my father, Adam’s rib is his Eve.</p>
<p>“The True Creator and Adam have already achieved consciousness fusion, so They don’t need to share rent anymore. They can act under different identities through The Fool’s cognition, but Their thoughts are interconnected.”</p>
<p>Visionary Adam? Lumian nodded slightly and said, “Zhang Yujia symbolizes your father, the Ancient Sun God?”</p>
<p>“The Corpse Cathedral itself belongs to Him. Zhang Yujia wanders outside the dream city, symbolizing that my father has already left this stage. Now His successors and the original God Almighty are confronting each other. This is also The Fool’s cognition,” Amon said in a slightly mocking tone. “As for the symbolic meaning of sharing rent and moving out, I don’t need to explain that, right?”</p>
<p><em>This explanation is indeed clearer, but in this matter, Amon can’t be fully trusted either…</em> Lumian chuckled and said, “Why is your father’s dream manifestation female?</p>
<p>“Is it because Mr. Fool’s other childhood friend is indeed a lady, or in Mr. Fool’s cognition, your father gave birth to you and the Angel of Imagination, and also split off the Dark Angel, making Him a successful mother?”</p>
<p>Amon laughed. “The last guy who deciphered this aspect of symbolism mocked it the same way. You two are indeed quite similar.”</p>
<p>“Who?” Lumian asked vigilantly.</p>
<p>“Haven’t you guessed?” Amon glanced at Lumian. “Red Angel Medici.”</p>
<p>“He can also enter Mr. Fool’s dream?” Lumian frowned.</p>
<p><em>Could it be that the Red Angel has turned to the Celestial Worthy?</em></p>
<p><em>From what we can see now, apart from true gods and those holding Mr. Fool’s gold coins, only a few individuals who have received special grace from the Celestial Worthy can enter this dream city.</em></p>
<p><em>Well, it seems other great existences can now send one or two subordinates in through the illusory abyss under Mushu Hospital, like Lu Yong’an. However, the Red Angel is unlikely to cooperate with the Great Mother and others. In the Hostel incident, He just tricked these evil gods…</em></p>
<p>“He has a corresponding manifestation in the dream city and has received help from a top-tier Dreamweaver, so of course He can come in,” Amon explained in a light tone.</p>
<p>“Help from a top-tier Dreamweaver…” Lumian suddenly had a flash of insight. “It wasn’t the Angel of Imagination who helped Him in, but the original God Almighty?”</p>
<p>“The enemy of my enemy is my friend,” Amon said with amusement in His voice. “However, the enemy of my enemy might still be an enemy, like you and Medici.”</p>
<p>“The Red Angel is so quiet in the dream? What is He doing, what is He planning?” Lumian, wearing sunglasses and a mask, asked further.</p>
<p>Amon shook His head. “Go find Him yourself, ask Him.”</p>
<p>Before Lumian could ask more, Amon smiled and said, “Peng Deng risked revealing His identity, not just to let you know who He is. Have you deciphered what He really wanted to hint at?”</p>
<p><em>What He really wanted to hint at…</em> Lumian fell into deep thought.</p>
<p>After about ten seconds, he changed the subject and said, “The dream owner’s image in this city is also split?</p>
<p>“Chief Yagates, you, and Zhou Mingrui?”</p>
<p>Amon showed a delighted expression. “Do I look like the dream’s owner to you?”</p>
<p>He said in a teaching tone, “You need to learn to filter out the interference of complex information and see the most fundamental facts.</p>
<p>“The most fundamental fact is that The Fool has never accommodated the Uniqueness of the Error and Door pathways, while the Celestial Worthy has.”</p>
<p><em>Wh—</em> Lumian vaguely grasped what Amon was hinting at.</p>
<p>Just as he was about to use vague language and indirect methods to confirm, the car stopped.</p>
<p>“We’ve arrived at Mushu Hospital,” Amon suddenly switched to a skilled ride-hailing driver’s tone.</p>
<p>Lumian thought for two seconds and opened the door to get out.</p>
<p>“Remember to give a good rating!” Amon waved and quickly drove away.</p>
<p>“Uh…” Lumian was stunned.</p>
<p>His real purpose in calling a ride-hailing car was to find Amon for help, to rescue Li Keji together, but the other party just left like this!</p>
<p><em>Left…</em></p>
<p>As the symbol of the Uniqueness of the Error pathway, Amon can’t directly intervene in such matters and can only help indirectly? Lumian withdrew his gaze thoughtfully.</p>
<p>Wearing sunglasses and a mask, he looked at Mushu Hospital, no longer hesitating. He set off towards the psychiatric department located at the back of the building.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
