<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1085.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1077-worship-and-humility" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1077: Worship and Humility</h2>
<p>Bella took off her goggles, revealing a face with soft features and beautiful eyes, unlike the more masculine female mechanical workers in Julien’s stereotypical impression.</p>
<p>“I heard you just returned from an exchange study?” Bella asked curiously.</p>
<p>“Yes.” Julien no longer had any enthusiasm to share this experience.</p>
<p>“What did you study?” Bella eagerly pointed at the mechanical parts scattered on the factory floor. “Why don’t we exchange ideas? Try assembling a machine with the remaining parts? A qualified artisan must have their own judgment and possess sufficient creativity.”</p>
<p>Julien instinctively wanted to refuse, clearly knowing there was an unbridgeable gap between himself and this approachable lady.</p>
<p>But at this moment, his sister Jenna encouraged, “Give it a try. This will be your first creation since completing your studies.</p>
<p>“It’s okay if there are flaws, Ms. Bella will guide you and help correct any issues.”</p>
<p><em>Guide…</em> Julien’s heart suddenly stirred.</p>
<p>He first spoke at length about how ordinary he was and how his skills were barely passing, then walked among the scattered parts, observing and contemplating.</p>
<p>When he picked up the pliers, Bella walked over and nodded slightly. “Your hand position has a small flaw.”</p>
<p>She quickly pointed out the problem, correcting the mistakes in Julien’s posture from past bad habits.</p>
<p>During the subsequent assembly, Bella occasionally offered similar guidance, and her teaching either led to sudden insights for Julien or made him strangely discover that many things he originally found difficult suddenly became simple.</p>
<p>While teaching, Bella seemed to radiate an indescribable light, no longer just the girl-next-door from before. Every word she spoke gave Julien the feeling that she had absolute confidence.</p>
<p>People who were confident and had the ability to support that confidence were always charismatic, unconsciously inspiring worship.</p>
<p>Gradually, Julien’s gaze toward Bella became like a student looking at their most respected teacher, and his behavior began to show signs of imitation.</p>
<p>This was a truly top-tier artisan!</p>
<p>A top-tier artisan that ordinary people rarely got to meet!</p>
<p>Thus, Julien completed his assembly, creating a machine for precise metal cutting.</p>
<p>He couldn’t believe this was his own work‚it was the kind that had to be purchased from the Church of Steam factories.</p>
<p>His gaze toward Bella grew even more admiring.</p>
<p>Jenna sincerely praised the machine for a while, then took Julien home to change clothes, arranging to meet Bella at a restaurant near the botanical garden.</p>
<p>The three of them enjoyed a pleasant atmosphere with engaging conversation.</p>
<p>“Excuse me, I need to use the restroom.” Jenna stood up, putting down her napkin.</p>
<p>After watching his sister’s figure disappear into the restroom corridor entrance, Julien turned back to see Bella lift her red wine glass, taking a small sip, smiling kindly yet with a hint of superiority,</p>
<p>“You truly have some talent in mechanics.”</p>
<p>“No, compared to you, this can’t be called talent,” Julien responded, embarrassed and somewhat inferior.</p>
<p>Bella put down her wine glass and shook her head.</p>
<p>“I mean it.</p>
<p>“Would you be interested in becoming my apprentice?”</p>
<p>“Apprentice?” Julien was stunned.</p>
<p>Bella nodded gently.</p>
<p>“Yes, like the ancient apprenticeships—following me to learn, growing with my help, and after completing your training, serving me for a period without pay.”</p>
<p><em>Wh— Such a young top-tier artisan would take apprentices? Why would she value me?</em> Julien was surprised, delighted, yet puzzled. “Am I… am I qualified?”</p>
<p>“I said you truly have some talent.” Bella, who appeared like the girl next door, showed some authority when discussing this matter.</p>
<p>“Can an ordinary person like me reach your level?” Julien asked anxiously.</p>
<p>“I can only say there’s a good chance, though it ultimately depends on you,” Bella said thoughtfully. “If all goes well, you could approach my level within half a year, though not quite reach it. Afterward, you’d serve me without pay for a year and a half.”</p>
<p>Julien’s mind buzzed, feeling as if this windfall was too big, making him dizzy.</p>
<p>At this moment, Jenna emerged from the restroom corridor.</p>
<p>Julien immediately lowered his voice, “May I have a few days to consider?”</p>
<p>It wasn’t that he didn’t want this opportunity, but rather that he was suspicious of Ms. Bella’s true intentions.</p>
<p><em>How could such good fortune fall to someone like me?</em></p>
<p><em>Could this be some new type of scam? Did Ms. Bella have connections with those islanders?</em></p>
<p>“Of course.” Bella didn’t press him.</p>
<p>After enjoying dinner, back at their rental place on Rue Pasteur, Julien casually asked his sister, “Celia, who exactly is Ms. Bella? How is she such a top-tier artisan at such a young age?”</p>
<p>“So she really is an amazing technical expert?” Jenna asked excitedly.</p>
<p>After Julien confirmed this, she recalled, “Ms. Bella often watches performances at the Théâtre de l’Ancienne Cage à Pigeons, she’s a believer in the God of Steam and Machinery, and seems to have deep connections with the monks at the Deep Valley Cloister. Her title as technical expert should be certified by the Church of Steam—I can help you inquire if it’s true.”</p>
<p>Hearing that Ms. Bella was a true god believer and had close ties with the Church of Steam’s monastery monks, Julien’s doubts gradually dispersed.</p>
<p><em>Someone like that shouldn’t be a con artist!</em></p>
<p><em>But we still need to confirm her identity with the Church of Steam clergy…</em></p>
<p>Julien slowly regained his confidence.</p>
<p><em>If I could learn Ms. Bella’s techniques, even at eighty percent of her level, I could become a technical director sought after by all factories in Trier, and might even hope to open my own factory in the future!</em></p>
<p>After chatting with his sister until nearly dawn, Julien lay in bed, tossing and turning, too excited to sleep.</p>
<p>His mind was filled with images of Ms. Bella—focused, serious, knowledgeable, technically profound, someone who unconsciously inspired admiration and worship.</p>
<hr />
<p>In the newly built factory south of Quartier du Jardin Botanique.</p>
<p>Bella watched Jenna, dressed as a witch, walk out from the mirror, and said trembling, “Madame, I have said everything as you instructed.”</p>
<p>In her mind, this was Death itself, bringing destruction and despair.</p>
<p>She had watched helplessly as many of her companions died one by one, coughing blood everywhere.</p>
<p>Jenna nodded expressionlessly. “He will accept your proposal.</p>
<p>“For the next two years, you’ll be responsible for taking him to major cities like Suhit, guiding him to encounter mystical knowledge, becoming a Savant, and helping him digest potions until he advances to Appraiser.</p>
<p>“I will ask the Church of Steam clergy in the corresponding regions to help, making Julien believe you have divine blessing and are trustworthy.</p>
<p>“After two years, if nothing goes wrong with Julien and his development meets expectations, you will regain your freedom—ah, with one prerequisite: you must convert to a true god and complete the corresponding prayers.”</p>
<p>Before Bella could respond, Jenna took out a palm-sized doll seemingly stained with dark blood from her Traveler’s Bag and said with a slight smile, “If you try to escape or do anything harmful to Julien, I can easily find you with this. Don’t worry, I won’t kill you—I’ll just send you back to the Future.”</p>
<p>Hearing the last half of the sentence, Bella’s face suddenly turned pale, as if recalling something she never wanted to remember again.</p>
<p>That was worse than nightmares!</p>
<p>She hurriedly responded with extreme humility, “Madame, I will wholeheartedly complete the task you’ve given me!”</p>
<hr />
<p>A week later, in the apartment that Franca and Jenna had originally rented, which hadn’t yet expired.</p>
<p>Julien sat across from the dining table.</p>
<p>He looked at his sister and hesitantly said, “Celia, there’s something I want to discuss with you.”</p>
<p>“What is it?” Jenna looked puzzled.</p>
<p>Julien chose his words carefully. “Ms. Bella wants me to become her apprentice, like in ancient times.”</p>
<p>“Such good fortune? If you can learn some real skills from her, you could become a top technical expert in the future!” Jenna was delighted for her brother, her eyes full of expectation.</p>
<p>“But, but Ms. Bella is going to serve as technical director at a factory run by the Steam cloister in Suhit. If I become her apprentice, I’ll have to go with her and stay there for at least two years,” Julien said somewhat embarrassedly.</p>
<p>“It’s only two years, you’re still young. With real skills, you’ll have plenty of opportunities to make money—big money—in Trier!” Jenna encouraged her brother.</p>
<p>“But you…” Julien suddenly fell silent.</p>
<p>“I still need to study dramatic performance for another year, then spend a year playing supporting roles at the Théâtre de l’Ancienne Cage à Pigeons—that was agreed upon when I became an acting apprentice, remember?” Jenna comforted and persuaded her brother. “For the next two years, my life will be very regular, nothing requiring help.”</p>
<p>Julien made a sound of agreement and suddenly pulled out a stack of bills and coins from his pocket. “Celia, take these. Focus on studying dramatic performance these two years, don’t worry about making money.”</p>
<p>Jenna looked at her brother for a few seconds, then smiled and accepted the cash. “By the time you return, I might be a famous theater actress.”</p>
<p>“And I’ll be an outstanding technical expert.” Julien suddenly recalled their childhood aspirations, and they shared a smile.</p>
<p>He seemed to have shed a heavy burden.</p>
<p>After Julien left, Franca walked out from the master bedroom, exclaiming joyfully, “How wonderful, no hypnosis needed!”</p>
<p>“Actually, there’s not much difference. When I made the decision to hypnotize Julien, this matter was essentially already settled.” Jenna smiled self-mockingly.</p>
<p>Franca consoled her, “Whatever the case, this matter has been initially resolved.</p>
<p>“Next, our main tasks are to consolidate the cult’s followers, secretly spread the faith, and devise convincing explanations to include you.</p>
<p>“Also, help Anthony prepare for his advancement ceremony, and track down the Order of All Extinction and Zaratul.”</p>
<p>Jenna made a sound of agreement and sincerely sighed. “A rare period of peace.”</p>
<p>Thus, as Lumian and others remained relatively stable without bringing any catastrophes, time flew by, and several months passed in the blink of an eye.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
