<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1024.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1017-child" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1017: Child</h2>
<p><em>Omebella?</em></p>
<p><em>She is also called Omebella?</em></p>
<p><em>Was the mysterious baby Madame Pualis had been carrying in Cordu Village named Omebella? Did that empty crib belong to Omebella?</em></p>
<p>At this moment, Lumian felt as if he had been struck by lightning.</p>
<p>Previously, Madam Magician had joked that as long as the dean of Mushu Hospital wasn’t named Omebella, it wouldn’t be a problem. At the time, Lumian thought it was just a horror story, and even if the dean was really named Omebella, it shouldn’t be his biggest concern. But hearing that Madame Pualis’s child was called Omebella truly sent chills down his spine.</p>
<p>If it were just Madame Pualis becoming the dean of Mushu Hospital, or just her giving birth to a mysterious child who had shown strange qualities in Cordu Village, Lumian wouldn’t have been so shocked and frightened. These would have been unexpected but not unreasonable events.</p>
<p>But the baby was named Omebella—the mysterious child Madame Pualis had carried and given birth to in Cordu Village was called Omebella.</p>
<p>If Madame Pualis wasn’t lying, if that baby was truly the Omebella Lumian knew, didn’t that mean he had once “coexisted” with the infant Omebella in Cordu Village for some time? And later, he had killed another unborn Omebella, obtained Omebella’s bloodline through the corresponding umbilical cord remnants, come into contact with the remains of the earliest Omebella, and encountered some things and arrangements related to Omebella!</p>
<p>Had all this been foreshadowed in the disaster at Cordu Village, rather than beginning only when he ate Omebella’s umbilical cord remnants?</p>
<p>Lumian suddenly felt as if he was back in a scene from his vagrant life. At that time, he was huddled in a corner, watching a large, slippery, ferocious poisonous snake slowly slithering past him, not daring to move a muscle. Now, he seemed to feel that cold, damp, slippery sensation crawling over him, seeping in bit by bit, silently coiling around him.</p>
<p><em>If the baby Madame Pualis gave birth to in Cordu Village was Omebella, then who was in Father Montserrat’s belly, whom I killed?</em></p>
<p><em>Where did the umbilical cord remnants I ate come from, and why could they help me contact the remains of the earliest Omebella? Why could they make the Mother’s children, who lacked necessary wisdom, mistake me for the Child of God, Omebella?</em></p>
<p><em>In the depths of the Underworld, who did that egg nurtured by the ancient god’s remains point to? Why could I hear the call for Omebella?</em></p>
<p><em>Moreover, why did the followers of the Great Mother want to induce me to become the true Child of God, to become the real Omebella? Hadn’t Omebella already been born?</em></p>
<p><em>What is going on?</em></p>
<p><em>Which one is real, and which is fake?</em></p>
<p><em>Are they all fake? Are they all real?</em></p>
<p>Lumian’s gaze fixed on the baby in Madame Pualis’s arms. He noticed her chubby face, rosy and delicate, incredibly adorable.</p>
<p>“Oh, so she’s Omebella. Who’s her father?” Although Lumian’s inner thoughts were bubbling like boiling water in a steam boiler, outwardly he maintained a calm demeanor.</p>
<p>This was a basic quality of a Hunter, and he also had the endurance of an Ascetic.</p>
<p>Madame Pualis suddenly smiled. “If I said it was you or Aurore, would you believe me?”</p>
<p>“Stop with the hellish jokes. We’ve never touched you,” Lumian said, outwardly unperturbed.</p>
<p>“Yes, I regret that too. I hope we’ll have a chance to make up for it in the future,” Madame Pualis sighed and said, “Her mother is me, and also the Great Mother. As for her father, on the surface, it’s the padre, but there’s someone else.”</p>
<p><em>Someone else…</em> Just as Lumian was about to start eliminating the villagers of Cordu Village one by one, heavy footsteps suddenly sounded behind him.</p>
<p>He half-turned and saw the giant mushroom with Li Keji’s head as its cap appearing in the dim corridor.</p>
<p>At this moment, the smile on Madame Pualis’s face faded slightly. She said in a casual tone, “Come, the child needs you.”</p>
<p>As soon as she finished speaking, the baby in the swaddling clothes began to cry loudly.</p>
<p>Hearing this loud cry, Lumian’s body instinctively, involuntarily walked towards Madame Pualis, towards the baby Omebella.</p>
<p>It was like two mutually attracted magnets finally meeting.</p>
<p>Lumian suddenly had some realizations:</p>
<p><em>Madame Pualis wants to do something with my body, which possesses Omebella’s bloodline!</em></p>
<p><em>After last night’s events, Li Keji was quickly transferred to Mushu Hospital for treatment, not only because the Celestial Worthy wanted to eliminate this hidden danger and the Great Mother attempted to balance the situation, but also because Madame Pualis planned to attract me here!</em></p>
<p><em>I refused to seek help from the Great Mother last night to become the true Child of God, so did the Great Mother and the Celestial Worthy temporarily reach an agreement?</em></p>
<p>Lumian didn’t hesitate. He activated the black mark on his right shoulder, attempting to teleport away.</p>
<p>His figure disappeared from the dean’s office, but he didn’t appear at the entrance of the police station in the dream city.</p>
<p>He arrived in the wilderness again.</p>
<p>In the depths of the wilderness stood a gigantic green oak tree that seemed to connect the sky and the ground. The top of the oak tree appeared to lead to heaven, disappearing into layers of white clouds.</p>
<p>Lumian saw that the surface of the enormous oak tree that seemed to hold up the sky was marked with scorch marks from lightning strikes. Its bark was mottled, concealing vitality.</p>
<p>His gaze followed the complex patterns formed by the mottled bark, instinctively moving upward. Near the top of the tree crown, he saw a newly grown branch.</p>
<p>It had grown tenaciously from a charred spot caused by lightning strikes, entwined with some lush, vibrant mistletoe.</p>
<p>At this moment, this new branch, along with the mistletoe, was grasped by a chubby, fair little hand. The hand belonged to the swaddled baby Omebella.</p>
<p>She wore a floral crown and was “dressed” in a fresh green dress. Madame Pualis, whose lower body had transformed into a giant bird shape and whose back had sprouted brown wings, held her in her arms.</p>
<p>“Come, the child needs you!” Madame Pualis’s voice echoed across the entire wilderness. The mushroom monster that Li Keji had become also appeared at the edge of the wild.</p>
<p>Lumian attempted to teleport out to no avail. He immediately threw out a mirror, preparing to enter the area behind the mirror, to see if he could use the mirror world to escape this wilderness.</p>
<p>The next second, the glass surface of the mirror seemed to come alive, softening and writhing, forming a “mouth” leading to a dark depth.</p>
<p>Lumian made a quick decision, abandoning the attempt to penetrate the glass surface, letting the mirror fall on its own.</p>
<p><em>Smack!</em></p>
<p>The mirror shattered into multiple pieces, each mercury-coated glass shard desperately crawling away.</p>
<p>Lumian snorted, and quiet black flames surged from within his body. Outside the black flames, thick frost quickly condensed, as if to create a coffin for slumber.</p>
<p>The invisible spider silk that had already spread throughout the surrounding area retracted, wrapping around the frost layer by layer, preparing to form a huge cocoon.</p>
<p>This was a Demoness’s strongest defense mechanism, capable of both dispelling curses and negative influences, and resisting substantial damage.</p>
<p>Lumian’s plan was to use this ability to buy time to actively exit the dream or light the corpse wax candle to complete the secret deed ritual.</p>
<p>However, before the spider cocoon could fully form, the Demoness’s black flames seemed to take on a life of their own, truly burning Lumian’s spirituality. The ice layer that was supposed to provide defense also began to restrict Lumian’s movements.</p>
<p>They had all come alive!</p>
<p>Lumian immediately activated the black mark on his right shoulder.</p>
<p>He moved to the edge of the wilderness, far from the giant mushroom man, escaping the influence of the Demoness’s black flames and layers of frost.</p>
<p>Although he couldn’t teleport out of this wilderness, he could still Blink around within it.</p>
<p>“Come, the child needs you!”</p>
<p>As he heard Madame Pualis’s voice, Lumian ran a few steps towards the gigantic oak tree that seemed to hold up the sky.</p>
<p><em>No good, in this preset battlefield, within Paramita, in front of the baby Omebella, although everyone is suppressed to the Sequence 7 level, I’m still being very effectively restrained. I can’t hold out for too long… Should I recite Madam Magician’s honorific name or utter “Leodero,” the blasphemous incantation? No, I might only have one chance to recite the honorific name, and “Leodero” might not be able to break the giant oak tree’s seal on Paramita… If we’re going down, let’s go big, everyone perish together!</em> As Lumian thought, he reached into the Traveler’s Bag and firmly grasped that special mirror world fragment.</p>
<p>Then, he initiated teleportation again, using this to resist the invisible pull of baby Omebella on himself and her strange ability to bring things to life.</p>
<p>After Blinking to the next position, Lumian opened his mouth and quickly recited a sentence in ancient Hermes, “Great Door of All Doors;”</p>
<p>Lumian was about to recite the honorific name of Chief Yagates—Mr. Door—to attract His attention!</p>
<p>This represented the power of the dream subconscious maintaining order.</p>
<p>Although this would result in Lumian himself being permanently kicked out of the dream, Madame Pualis, the mushroom-transformed Li Keji, and baby Omebella here, every single one of them, wouldn’t be able to continue “staying” in the dream city!</p>
<p>This was equivalent to eliminating hidden dangers for Jenna, Franca, and others in their subsequent actions.</p>
<p>As for what comes after, trust in teammates!</p>
<p>After reciting the first honorific name, Lumian teleported to another side of the wilderness, avoiding the attacks of Madame Pualis and Li Keji.</p>
<p>“Guide of the endless cosmos;”</p>
<p>Lumian finished one sentence and quickly disappeared from his original spot.</p>
<p>Seeing this, Madame Pualis opened her mouth, about to unleash a Banshee’s Shriek.</p>
<p>At this moment, a male version of Lumian appeared in the wilderness.</p>
<p>He was a shallow mirror image created by the mirror world fragment, very weak.</p>
<p>He spread his arms and shouted loudly in ancient Hermes, “Leodero!”</p>
<p>This voice burst out almost simultaneously with the Banshee’s Shriek. As the shallow mirror image shattered under the influence of the sound waves, the sky above suddenly darkened.</p>
<p>In the darkness, dense clouds gathered, and countless silver-white electric snakes jumped to form a huge lightning bolt, striking towards that giant, sky-supporting green oak tree.</p>
<p><em>Smack!</em></p>
<p>A large number of small, silver-white electric snakes crawled over the surface of the oak tree, creating patches of charred marks, but it didn’t completely die, still constantly regenerating.</p>
<p>This effect temporarily paralyzed Madame Pualis and baby Omebella.</p>
<p>Crack, the Mirror Substitution Lumian, who had shattered under the Banshee’s Shriek and the overflow of lightning, appeared not too far from Li Keji, reciting the third line of the honorific name.</p>
<p>“Key to all mysterious worlds.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
