<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1031.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1024-a-blurry-ritual" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1024: A Blurry Ritual</h2>
<p><em>A Card of Blasphemy?</em></p>
<p><em>A Card of Blasphemy representing a path to godhood, created by Emperor Roselle based on the second Blasphemy Slate and His personal experience?</em> Lumian and Franca were both shocked.</p>
<p>They had learned about the Cards of Blasphemy from Emperor Roselle’s diary and various mystical knowledge they had collected through different channels. But items of this level naturally possessed anti-prophecy and anti-divination properties, so they had only heard about them and never seen one with their own eyes.</p>
<p>Now, the Demoness card appeared before them.</p>
<p>This was a gift left for Lumian by the mirrored Emperor Roselle!</p>
<p>In a flash, Lumian instinctively had a thought.</p>
<p><em>Is She really being so kind?</em></p>
<p>At this moment, Queen Mystic spoke again, “It’s real.”</p>
<p>“A real Card of Blasphemy, a real Demoness card?” Franca curiously leaned in, examining this long-coveted item.</p>
<p>Lumian remained silent for a few seconds, then chuckled and reached out to take the Demoness card.</p>
<p>He had already accrued so many “debts” and had so many “creditors”, what was one more!</p>
<p>Queen Mystic looked at the Card of Blasphemy in Lumian’s hand and said after a moment of silence, “The activation incantation should be my name, in ancient Feysac.”</p>
<p><em>Name…</em> Lumian chanted in a low voice, “Bernadette.”</p>
<p>Instantly, the Demoness card generated an invisible vortex, frantically drawing in Lumian’s spirit and spirituality.</p>
<p>Soon, the Demoness card became three-dimensional, transforming into a miniature book.</p>
<p>The book opened naturally, revealing a Roselle dressed as an Assassin’s Creed character, a clean-shaven male Roselle.</p>
<p>Next to this character image was a corresponding description in ancient Feysac:</p>
<p>“Sequence 9, Assassin.</p>
<p>“Every Assassin possesses the ability to change their body for a short time, gaining feather-like lightness to perform a Leap of Faith, and has eagle-like vision and night vision, excelling in combat, evasion, and concealment.</p>
<p>“Shadows are their friends and their camouflage. Once they leave the shadows, they use their agile footwork to gather all their strength for a fatal strike on their target…</p>
<p>“Potion formula…”</p>
<p>Lumian reached out to touch the Card of Blasphemy that had become a miniature book, watching it continuously flip pages, seeing Emperor Roselle’s image change from male to female, becoming increasingly beautiful and alluring, gradually “overlapping” with the appearance of the mirrored Roselle.</p>
<p>Finally, an image of the mirrored Emperor Roselle, seemingly much younger and resembling a young girl, appeared before Lumian’s eyes.</p>
<p>The corresponding information was also revealed:</p>
<p>“Sequence 3: Unaging (Demoness of Unaging).</p>
<p>“Every Demoness of Unaging is forever youthful, skilled in resurrection, bizarrely difficult to kill, a darling of the mirror world, a true Gorgon…</p>
<p>“Potion formula:</p>
<p>“Main ingredients: One heart of a Mirror God, a pair of Gorgon eyes;</p>
<p>“Supplementary ingredients: Nine Mirror God fragments, 80 ml of Gorgon blood, an antique mirror over 500 years old with a corresponding mirror realm, 22 drops of water from a drowned person’s lungs;</p>
<p>“Ritual: Find your mirror self, enslave them solely with your own power, or make them truly infatuated with you, or reconcile with them.”</p>
<p>Seeing this, Lumian and Franca once again recalled Krismona’s mention of “reconciling with your mirror self.”</p>
<p>Will different handling methods result in different manifestations later? Lumian pondered for a while, then turned to the next page:</p>
<p>“Sequence 2: Catastrophe (Demoness of Catastrophe).</p>
<p>“Demonesses of Catastrophe bring various natural disasters such as blizzards, floods, tsunamis, earthquakes, meteor strikes, etc. Everyone who mentions their names feels fear from the bottom of their hearts…</p>
<p>“Potion formula…</p>
<p>“Ritual: As a participant, cause a disaster affecting the entire continent, and advance during the disaster.”</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t read the specific formula in detail, just skimmed the Sequence name and corresponding ritual.</p>
<p>He turned to the next page:</p>
<p>“Sequence 1: Apocalypse (Demoness of Apocalypse).</p>
<hr />
<p>“Ritual: Advance at the universally acknowledged end of an epoch or the beginning of the next; advance during the signs and process of the apocalypse’s arrival; advance when one’s own involvement leads to the fall of a deity.</p>
<p>“Any one of the three rituals is effective.”</p>
<p><em>According to the mirrored Emperor Roselle’s words and my deductions, the apocalypse will come early… Disasters frequently occur during the apocalypse, which indeed suits Demonesses…</em> Lumian unconsciously held his breath and turned the Card of Blasphemy to the last page:</p>
<p>“Sequence 0: Demoness (Primordial Demoness, Chaos Demoness)</p>
<p>“The source of catastrophes, symbol of the apocalypse, the Demoness who wields chaos, ruler of the mirror world, corresponding to the feminine aspect of the Original Creator.</p>
<p>“Potion formula:</p>
<p>“Ingredients: Demoness Uniqueness, three Demoness of Apocalypse Beyonder characteristics…</p>
<p>“Ritual…”</p>
<p>Lumian wanted to see what the apotheosis ritual for the Demoness pathway was, but found that the corresponding text was blurry and unclear, as if obscured by some force.</p>
<p><em>Did the mirrored Emperor Roselle do this when leaving this gift, or was it like this when She obtained this Demoness card?</em> Lumian turned his head to look at Queen Mystic.</p>
<p>“Your Highness, can you see the content of the apotheosis ritual clearly?”</p>
<p>Bernadette stared for a moment, then slowly shook her head.</p>
<p>“The power obscuring the corresponding content is of a very high level, at least Sequence 0.”</p>
<p>Lumian and Franca exchanged glances but didn’t pursue the matter further.</p>
<p>For them, the apotheosis ritual was a distant matter. They should focus on the Demoness of Unaging first.</p>
<p>“Since I wasn’t kicked out of the dream, I can also participate in your operation tomorrow,” Queen Mystic said in a somewhat low voice, looking towards the window area where Huang Tao had been standing earlier.</p>
<p>“Thank you,” Lumian said without being polite.</p>
<p>He put the Demoness card into his Traveler’s Bag.</p>
<hr />
<p>When Lumian and the others returned to Xinhong District, the sunlight was still bright, and it wasn’t even afternoon tea time yet.</p>
<p>“Should we let Ludwig eat that mushroom now?” Franca pulled out a chair and sat down, asking with a mix of nervousness and curiosity.</p>
<p>Lumian thought for a few seconds, then said with a smile, “Yes.”</p>
<p>“But you should leave first, go back to Dechuang Garden. I’m afraid your life might be ended by the mutation brought by the mushroom.”</p>
<p>This wasn’t saying that the mushroom could directly harm Franca, but that the corresponding mutation might be very extreme, drawing the Celestial Worthy’s attention, which would be completely unbearable for Franca, who hadn’t fully digested the Despair potion.</p>
<p>“Alright…” Franca suppressed her inner emotions and returned to Dechuang Garden through the mirror world.</p>
<p>Only then did Lumian sit down in the chair Franca had just pulled out and say to Ludwig, “You can eat it now.”</p>
<p>Ludwig had been holding back for a long time and quickly took out the dried jellyfish-like mushroom.</p>
<p>Seeing this, Lumian turned his head to Anthony and said, “Pay attention to placating his mind and emotions.”</p>
<p>“Okay.” Anthony’s eyes became vertical, reflecting Ludwig’s figure in that pale golden color.</p>
<p>Ludwig swallowed and looked at the mushroom with a hint of fear as he stuffed it into his mouth.</p>
<p>He chewed it up, then swallowed it with satisfaction.</p>
<p>Lumian and Anthony’s spirits instantly tensed to the extreme.</p>
<p>As time passed second by second, Ludwig finally opened his mouth and evaluated the changes after eating it.</p>
<p>“I can create a kind of spore that enters the human body, repairing nerves and flesh, merging with spirituality and soul.</p>
<p>“This might wake up people in vegetative states, but the condition of patients after merging with the spores is currently unknown…”</p>
<p>As Ludwig spoke, Lumian and Anthony saw masses of flesh writhing under his skin, sometimes bulging the skin outwards, sometimes sinking inwards.</p>
<p>This made Ludwig look like he was wearing a skin suit.</p>
<p>Suddenly, the skin on his neck split open, and a wet brown mushroom grew out of the flesh.</p>
<p>Ludwig raised his right hand nonchalantly, plucked off this mushroom with a snap, and stuffed it into his mouth, chewing and swallowing it.</p>
<p>The wound on his neck quickly healed.</p>
<p>And so, mushrooms intermittently grew out of Ludwig’s body, sometimes of the same species, sometimes different, and he plucked them all off, using them as snacks.</p>
<p>This formed a strange balance.</p>
<p>“Can eating these mushrooms make you full?” Lumian asked curiously, secretly breathing a sigh of relief.</p>
<p>Ludwig glanced at his godfather. “Can you get full by sucking your own fingers?”</p>
<p>Lumian and Anthony immediately understood the answer.</p>
<p>Anthony then looked at Lumian. “Should we take him to Red Moon Hospital now to try and treat An Xiaotian?”</p>
<p>Lumian pondered for several minutes before answering, “There’s no rush. Let’s wait until tomorrow, when we officially take action.”</p>
<p>Anthony didn’t hide his confusion, but seeing that Lumian didn’t explain further, he calmly closed his mouth.</p>
<p><em>If he’s not saying, there must be a reason for not saying it.</em></p>
<hr />
<p>The next morning.</p>
<p>Lumian stood on the balcony of the master bedroom, gazing at the tree-lined internal roads of the community and the slowly passing electric cars and bicycles.</p>
<p>After a while, he reluctantly withdrew his gaze, walked into the living room, and placed the magic mirror Arrodes on the dining table.</p>
<p>After the previous rental, they had figured out the rules for using this magic mirror:</p>
<p>Only three questions could be asked within 24 hours, and they could be asked at intervals.</p>
<p>Lumian looked at the silver mirror with ancient patterns and a black gemstone on each side, and calmly said in the presence of Anthony and Ludwig, “Great Arrodes, I want to ask you a question, the first question of today.”</p>
<p>The surface of the ancient silver mirror suddenly darkened, and lines of blood-red ancient Feysac words appeared: “I can answer any question you ask, but you must also answer an equal number of questions from me, in the presence of at least one witness.</p>
<p>“If you refuse to answer, or if you lie, you will face punishment.”</p>
<p>Lumian nodded and revealed a bright smile. “My question is, is it a coincidence that the Celestial Worthy’s attempt to use the Mirror People and your birth as a mirror occurred at the same time?”</p>
<p>On the magic mirror, the blood-red words quickly lost their color and contracted into a single, lonely word: “No.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
