<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1001.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-994-dean" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 994: Dean</h2>
<p>Lumian thought of the Mushu Hospital orderly he had encountered before and the situations he had observed during his several visits to Mushu Hospital. He felt that those who frequently entered and exited the underground of Mushu Hospital might truly no longer be considered human.</p>
<p>More than this, what concerned him more was that the underground part of Mushu Hospital was nearly “renovated”.</p>
<p>When that happens, what changes would occur?</p>
<p>What does this symbolize?</p>
<p>Amidst his swirling thoughts, Lumian wished he could go blow up the underground of Mushu Hospital right now and be done with it.</p>
<p>Unfortunately, leaving aside whether he had the ability to break into Mushu Hospital’s underground and completely destroy it, just the fact that the above-ground part of Mushu Hospital was still relatively normal, with many patients and ordinary medical staff coming and going, prevented him from acting rashly.</p>
<p>There was no way to blow up the underground part without affecting the above-ground area!</p>
<p>That would turn into a full-blown terrorist attack, causing Lumian to be rejected by the dream’s main consciousness to the greatest extent, likely preventing him from entering again afterward.</p>
<p>First think of a way to get Mushu Hospital to stop admitting patients for a few days and transfer away the inpatients? This would be very difficult… Lumian looked at Lu Yong’an and carefully asked, “Are there still corpses waiting for ‘rebirth’ in the underground morgue?”</p>
<p>“Not at the moment. No one has brought corpses needing ‘rebirth’ over these past couple of days,” Lu Yong’an answered truthfully.</p>
<p>After Zaratulstra and Mr. Cui were kicked out of the dream, did the corresponding activities stop? This shows we’re doing well… Theoretically, the Celestial Worthy should have more than just these few subordinates, and should have found a way or medium for subordinates to enter the dream city… Were the others kicked out before, like the Major Arcana and the former Lucky Coin holders? That’s right, there’s no reason why the Celestial Worthy would only recently have subordinates who could enter, no reason why in the past only the Celestial Worthy could kick people out and Mr. Fool couldn’t… Lumian nodded slightly and changed his question.</p>
<p>“Who is the current dean of Mushu Hospital?”</p>
<p>He wasn’t afraid of Lu Yong’an becoming suspicious because of this inquiry, as he had previously asked Xu Xinyang and secretly asked Grimm, and even Grimm, a child of the Great Mother, didn’t know.</p>
<p>“You don’t know?” Lu Yong’an looked at Lumian’s face in surprise.</p>
<p>She then turned to Grimm and asked, “You didn’t tell the Child of God?”</p>
<p>Grimm shook his head. “I don’t know either. No one ever told me.”</p>
<p>Lu Yong’an was stunned for a moment, then showed an expression of understanding.</p>
<p>“It’s normal that you don’t know. But it doesn’t matter. The previous dean has left, and not knowing who it is doesn’t affect anything. The new dean will arrive in a few days.”</p>
<p>“Who is the new dean?” Grimm asked on Lumian’s behalf.</p>
<p>Lu Yong’an shook her head. “It’s not clear yet. We’ll know when they arrive. Maybe it will be a surprise.”</p>
<p>A surprise? For us, it’s probably going to be a shock… Lumian made a sound of acknowledgment and said, “Have you been to the underground areas other than the morgue?”</p>
<p>He wasn’t trying to pry specific information about Mushu Hospital’s underground from Lu Yong’an, but rather intended to judge from her answer whether Beyonders blessed by the Great Mother could infrequently enter the non-morgue areas of the underground.</p>
<p>“I’ve been there, but can’t go deep, can’t go to B2.” Lu Yong’an didn’t think there was anything wrong with the Child of God asking this, after all, the underground part of Mushu Hospital didn’t belong solely to the Great Mother, other great existences also exerted influence there.</p>
<p>Even children of the Great Mother can’t go to B2? What’s there? Lumian nodded thoughtfully and asked, “Are the Mother Tree’s followers also doing something?”</p>
<p>As the Child of God of the Great Mother, he had to show a bit less respect for other existences.</p>
<p>“Yes, but I don’t know what,” Lu Yong’an took out her phone and said with a smile, “Child of God, shall we add each other on WeChat? If I discover any issues in other areas of the underground later, I’ll tell you immediately.”</p>
<p>She really knows how the world works… Lumian let Lu Yong’an scan his WeChat QR code.</p>
<p>Her WeChat name was just her real name.</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t rush to look through Lu Yong’an’s Moments. He casually said, “Have you found Zedus?”</p>
<p>Zedus was supposedly the true name of the Abscessed Hand, and the remnant consciousness in Omebella’s remains had once shouted this name at Lumian.</p>
<p>Lumian was trying to probe whether the children of the Great Mother had heard of Zedus.</p>
<p>“Not yet.” Lu Yong’an lowered her head, “Mother is very disappointed.”</p>
<p>Zedus really is closely related to the Great Mother… Lumian stopped there, not asking further.</p>
<p>Seeing this, Grimm respectfully asked, “Child of God, starting tomorrow you’re on the night shift rotation. If you don’t want to work it, I can find an excuse to switch you to the morning shift.”</p>
<p>“Night shift is fine,” Lumian chose not to switch.</p>
<p>This way, he could effectively increase his activity time during the day and evening.</p>
<p>Then, he glanced at the bright moon high in the sky and said to Grimm and Lu Yong’an, “Head back.”</p>
<p>“Yes, Child of God!” Lu Yong’an and Grimm responded in unison.</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t see them off, but teleported away first.</p>
<p>About a quarter of an hour later, his figure appeared again in this secluded corner, and Grimm and Lu Yong’an were already gone.</p>
<p>Only then did Lumian take out his phone and start looking through Lu Yong’an’s Moments.</p>
<p>The Moments of this obstetrics dean of Mushu Hospital mostly shared obstetrics and gynecology knowledge, instances of receiving thank-you banners, achievements of Mushu Hospital, and updates about her own children. There was nothing that particularly caught Lumian’s eye.</p>
<p>Because she had set it to only show the most recent month, Lumian could only return to the top of her Moments and look at her background settings and personal signature.</p>
<p>The background was set to a blurry silhouette holding a baby, and her personal signature was: “Be a guardian for women and children.”</p>
<p>All very fitting for her identity and nature… Lumian put away his phone and teleported to Li Keji’s hospital room.</p>
<p>Li Keji wasn’t surprised by this beautiful woman’s return. Looking at her, he hesitantly asked, “Do we really have to abort it?”</p>
<p>As the fetus grew, his maternal radiance seemed to have intensified.</p>
<p>Lumian chuckled. “You must have already felt the frenzied absorption of your flesh and spirit by the child of the evil god, right?”</p>
<p>“Yes.” Li Keji nodded honestly.</p>
<p>Lumian continued, “And don’t you want to see what innovative qualities might emerge from the crossbreeding of the evil god’s offspring and the mushroom?”</p>
<p>He was now very adept at grasping Li Keji’s obsessions and weaknesses.</p>
<p>This was an Instigator.</p>
<p>Li Keji’s eyes immediately lit up. “Alright, let’s begin!”</p>
<p>Could you at least hesitate a bit to make me feel your maternal radiance is genuine? Lumian grumbled inwardly as he walked to Li Keji’s bedside, extended his right palm, and said in a moderate tone, “It will be quite painful. Bear with it.”</p>
<p>“Okay.” Li Keji stretched out his arm, letting it hang in the air.</p>
<p>The fungal filaments hanging down from the jellyfish-like mushroom quickly floated over, wrapping around Li Keji’s arm, their tips piercing into it.</p>
<p>“It has some anesthetic ability,” Li Keji happily explained to Lumian.</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t speak, letting his palm ignite with quiet and sinister black flames.</p>
<p>He then pressed his right palm against the surface of Li Keji’s belly, and the Demoness’s black flames immediately bored into it.</p>
<p>Li Keji’s highly protruding belly suddenly began to writhe, as if something inside was struggling desperately.</p>
<p>Along with this struggle, Li Keji’s face twisted slightly. Even with the anesthesia, he was experiencing unspeakable pain.</p>
<p>Meanwhile, the Demoness’s black flames gradually dimmed and thinned. Even as Lumian continued to pour them in, they couldn’t truly burn away the vile thing in Li Keji’s belly.</p>
<p>Fortunately, Lumian had never thought from the beginning that the Demoness’s black flames could achieve the goal, because one of his objectives was something that the Demoness’s black flames, which only burned spirit and life, couldn’t accomplish.</p>
<p>He used the Demoness’s black flames first mainly to probe.</p>
<p>Suddenly, the quiet black flames in Lumian’s palm became agitated, as if madness, violence, and destruction were being generated!</p>
<p>Flames of Destruction!</p>
<p>As the Flames of Destruction poured in, the clothes on Li Keji’s belly abruptly burst into flames, as did his skin and flesh.</p>
<p>The fetus in his belly pushed upwards, as if trying to escape the burning of the Flames of Destruction, but currently unable to break free from the constraints of the mother’s body, it ultimately collapsed back down.</p>
<p>Almost simultaneously, Lumian heard illusory sounds of weeping and screaming. He felt as if a vast green wilderness had appeared around him, where every flower and blade of grass first grew vigorously, full of life, and then was engulfed by sweeping black flames.</p>
<p>“Ah!”</p>
<p>Li Keji also screamed in agony, the pain of having his abdomen burned through was more than most people could endure.</p>
<p>However, Lumian had already used the Bottle of Fiction to seal off this hospital room, allowing only faint traces of Li Keji’s voice to seep out.</p>
<p>This wasn’t something worth paying attention to in the psychiatric ward.</p>
<p>Finally, the fetus in Li Keji’s belly was burned to ashes, and these ashes, affected by the convection winds from the high temperature of the flames, swirled up into the air, flying towards the ceiling and scattering around.</p>
<p>“Completely eliminated.” Lumian stepped back, preparing to take out a healing agent for Li Keji to drink.</p>
<p>Li Keji glanced at his charred abdomen and said with extreme disappointment, enduring the pain, “It’s all burned away? There’s nothing left?”</p>
<p>“I initially only wanted to burn its life and spirit, leaving the corpse, but as you saw, that didn’t work,” Lumian explained sincerely.</p>
<p>“Ah…” Li Keji waved his hand, directing the filaments of the jellyfish-like mushroom to move to his abdomen, absorbing the charred parts and promoting flesh regeneration.</p>
<p>Looks like I don’t need to provide treatment… Lumian gave a deep look at the jellyfish-like mushroom that had descended.</p>
<p>After Li Keji’s wound had healed and the pain had subsided, Lumian nodded slightly and said,</p>
<p>“Rest more these couple of days, then please speed up the pace of your research. My vegetative friend might not be able to wait too long.”</p>
<p>“I can start again tomorrow!” Li Keji’s enthusiasm for experimentation reignited.</p>
<p>“Thank you.” Lumian politely left the room.</p>
<p>Returning to the rented apartment in Xinhong District, he lay down on the bed and fell into a deep sleep.</p>
<p>In his hazy state, he heard crying.</p>
<p>The crying voice was calling “Mommy” “Mommy”, filled with intense pain, unwillingness, and resentment.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
