<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1018.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1011-re-entering-the-dreamscape" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1011: Re-entering the Dreamscape</h2>
<p>No one could answer Madam Magician’s question, as it involved matters at too high a level and they lacked sufficient background information.</p>
<p>Lumian used this as a basis for his thoughts and said contemplatively,</p>
<p>“If the symbolic meaning of being roommates and moving out is really this, can we assume that one of Peng Deng, Grisha, and Nie Zhen is the one currently worshiped by the Aurora Order? If He has entered the dream city.”</p>
<p>This was because the one currently worshiped by the Aurora Order was already the result of the merged consciousness of the Visionary and the True Creator, and He seemed to want to merge with even more.</p>
<p>“We can preliminarily assume so, but He might randomly use one of the three forms of Peng Deng, Grisha, and Nie Zhen,” Madam Justice confirmed Lumian’s guess.</p>
<p>Lumian mused aloud. “The first time we observed Peng Deng, the car broke down, and we happened to meet that person from the Church of Steam nearby, who quickly helped us repair it. We also took the opportunity to establish a connection with Him.</p>
<p>“Was this a coincidence manufactured by Peng Deng? Did he want us to get help from that individual from the Church of Steam?”</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t directly mention Stiano. It was fine to say it in the dream city—after all, they were WeChat friends now. But in the real world, even an incomplete divine name could potentially bring terrifying consequences.</p>
<p>“It should be.” Madam Justice pondered for a few seconds.</p>
<p>At this point, Jenna, who had roughly understood the situation, raised a question, “Did God Almighty arrange for Franca and me to suddenly enter the underground area of Mushu Hospital in order to let us grasp important intelligence, discover previously overlooked key details, and thus interpret the remaining symbols, finding the correct direction to weaken the Celestial Worthy and awaken Mr. Fool?</p>
<p>“Is Franca becoming a Demoness of Despair and quickly digesting half of the potion an advance payment?</p>
<p>“But this contradicts the motives of the one currently worshiped by the Aurora Order. We previously speculated that He would prefer to maintain a balanced situation until He achieves His goals in the real world, only then allowing Mr. Fool to wake up, to avoid Mr. Fool interfering with His plans.”</p>
<p>In a brief silence, Lumian turned to Anthony. “Tell us in detail about how you were kicked out of the dream.”</p>
<p>Anthony recalled and said, “After Peng Deng hinted that he was also the childhood friend of others, we didn’t delve into the details of this aspect. We simply talked about the renovation, agreed to find a time to view the house in person, sign the contract, and then left the cafe separately.</p>
<p>“As soon as I was out of Peng Deng’s sight, I felt like I was being kicked out of the dream and rapidly turning into a marionette. I ‘calmed’ myself, eliminating the fear, but still couldn’t shake off that state. I could only stop resisting and leave the dream.”</p>
<p>Madam Justice’s eyes moved slightly as she said, “In other words, Peng Deng is being closely watched by the dream subconscious.</p>
<p>“If he is truly one of God Almighty’s corresponding dream forms, he would indeed be treated this way. Only He is worthy of such treatment by the dream subconscious.</p>
<p>“So, Peng Deng doesn’t meet Zhou Mingrui at night, nor has he made any other attempts. Under such close monitoring, he simply can’t.</p>
<p>“There’s also a reasonable explanation for his renting of the magic mirror. The birth of that magic mirror is suspected to be related to God Almighty.</p>
<p>“Similarly, there’s now enough reason for why the Star Dream Provisions Store was willing to rent the mirror to him.</p>
<p>“Hmm…”</p>
<p>Madam Justice looked at Anthony. “The first time you contacted Peng Deng, you had hallucinations due to fear and actively left the dream. This might have been intentionally done by Peng Deng. His purpose was to remind you to be careful when interacting with him, to be as cautious as when interacting with Zhou Mingrui.”</p>
<p>Having inferred this far, Madam Justice nodded lightly. “This time, he actively hinted to you that he’s also the Celestial Worthy’s childhood friend, which seems unusual.”</p>
<p>Madam Magician and Madam Justice exchanged glances before saying, “Combining this with the events in the underground area of Mushu Hospital, can we assume that the one currently worshiped by the Aurora Order hopes that Mr. Fool will gain the upper hand soon and gradually wake up with our help?”</p>
<p>“It could also be the tendency of God Almighty’s spiritual imprint, which the one worshiped by the Aurora Order can’t suppress,” Madam Justice offered a possibility.</p>
<p>Lumian thought for a moment and showed a slight smile.</p>
<p>“Another possibility is that the one worshiped by the Aurora Order foresaw a major change in the dream city, a change favorable to the Celestial Worthy, so He arranged for Franca to enter the underground area of Mushu Hospital in advance, to come into contact with that psychological trauma, as a hedge.</p>
<p>“It’s also possible that some problems have arisen in the real world, such as hidden dangers left by the last vortex incident, forcing the one worshiped by the Aurora Order to start the plan to weaken the Celestial Worthy and awaken Mr. Fool ahead of schedule. Haha, is the sky about to fall, urgently needing tall people to prop it up?”</p>
<p>“Hidden dangers…” Madam Magician seemed to have guessed something.</p>
<p>She said to Lumian, “Regardless of which possibility it is, things seem to have become urgent.</p>
<p>“From the key information that Mr. Fool is a transmigrator, we can deduce the issues with Peng Deng, Zhang Yujia, and others, and the special nature of the identity of Gehrman Sparrow. The former currently seems like allies, while for the latter, the temporary breakthrough point is only An Xiaotian.”</p>
<p>Madam Magician looked at Madam Justice and Madam Judgment, then said through gritted teeth, “We allow you to use Li Keji’s mushroom to treat An Xiaotian.”</p>
<p>Lumian offered a curt acknowledgment. “Okay.”</p>
<p>Jenna nodded along, then raised a new question, “But the voice Luo Shan heard in her dream was The Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings, and the power that teleported us to the underground area of Mushu Hospital doesn’t seem like His.”</p>
<p>Lumian chuckled. “I’ve already guessed who did it.”</p>
<p>“Who?” Jenna was quite surprised.</p>
<p>He had already guessed?</p>
<p>Lumian chuckled and said, “Mr. Huang Tao.”</p>
<p>He immediately added,</p>
<p>“More accurately, the mirrored Emperor Roselle.”</p>
<p>Madam Justice and the other Major Arcana card holders nodded slightly.</p>
<p>Lumian continued to explain to Jenna, “The mirrored Emperor Roselle has a cooperative relationship with Zaratulstra, so after entering the dream city, he tried to occupy the identity of Mr. Huang. At the same time, Zaratulstra has always suspected that something was wrong with Luo Shan and secretly reminded Zhou Mingrui, while the mirrored Emperor Roselle is an Angel of the Mystery Pryer pathway.”</p>
<p>This intelligence was provided by the Major Arcana card holders after discovering that the mirrored Roselle was eroding and influencing Mr. Huang.</p>
<p>“Based on this, we can make a speculation. Zaratulstra should have asked the mirrored Roselle, who can control information and influence paintings, for help to confirm if there was something wrong with Luo Shan. The mirrored Roselle reorganized the information of that colorful parrot, controlled it, and made it monitor Luo Shan, but didn’t feed back the obtained intelligence to Zaratulstra.</p>
<p>“This is because the mirrored Roselle is secretly cooperating with the one worshipped by the Aurora Order, just like during the last vortex incident,” Lumian looked at Jenna and summarized, “Luo Shan was stimulated, developed a psychological trauma, which was discovered by that colorful parrot, who informed the mirrored Roselle. Then, the mirrored Roselle, using the trust of the Celestial Worthy’s forces, secretly ‘pushed’ a bit, causing Luo Shan to bring you and the real target, Franca, to the underground area of Mushu Hospital in the dream.”</p>
<p>Jenna suddenly understood.</p>
<p>“That makes sense now.”</p>
<p>Beside them, Anthony, before going to probe Peng Deng, had learned from Lumian the key point that Mr. Fool was a transmigrator and what exactly happened last night, so there was no communication barrier now. He understood the previous conversations relatively easily and didn’t raise any questions.</p>
<p>Madam Justice looked at them and said with a smile, “Now that we’ve discussed the important matters, I’ll give you a general account of Mr. Fool’s experiences, starting with Klein Moretti…”</p>
<p>The relevant events had actually been mentioned in the previous document, but not in enough detail. This time, Madam Justice spoke as if she had seen and heard it personally, starting from the Antigonus family notes and continuing all the way to the end of the Tingen story.</p>
<p>After a moment of silence, Lumian asked slowly, “Captain Dunn and Klein Moretti died just like that at the Blackthorn Security Company, to prevent the descent of the True Creator’s spawn?”</p>
<p>“Yes,” Madam Magician said with a self-deprecating smile. “Now I understand why Klein Moretti could be resurrected.”</p>
<p>Loki’s multiple resurrections were a good example.</p>
<p>Lumian fell silent.</p>
<p>Jenna said with some emotion, “No wonder Officer Deng is also a person who maintains order in the dream city.”</p>
<p>After expressing her feelings, she asked curiously, “The final events are so detailed, were they narrated by a survivor at the time?”</p>
<p>“Yes.” Madam Justice nodded.</p>
<p>Jenna had a flash of inspiration. “Mr. Star?”</p>
<p>The Major Arcana card holder—Mr. Star—was indeed a Nighthawk of the Church of Evernight!</p>
<p>Madam Justice smiled lightly but didn’t give a clear answer.</p>
<p>Madam Magician changed the subject. “The real-world Rozanne also said that as much as she hates others becoming Beyonders, she admires the Nighthawks.”</p>
<p>Jenna made a sound of agreement and said with some emotion, “No wonder the Luo Shan in the dream city has always wanted to become a qualified guardian…”</p>
<p>After a brief silence, Madam Justice and Madam Magician took turns talking about the different identities of Mr. Fool, such as Sherlock Moriarty and Gehrman Sparrow.</p>
<p>They didn’t dare to go into too much detail, only picking key points to narrate, fearing it would delay matters in the dream city.</p>
<p>Finally, Lumian stood up and said to the Major Arcana cards and his companions, “I’ll return to the dream city first.”</p>
<p>Madam Justice also stood up and nodded slightly. “We will notify the other Major Arcana cards to be prepared to provide help at any time.”</p>
<p>Lumian nodded, made his way back to the second floor, entered his own bedroom, and lay down on the bed.</p>
<p>He stared at the ceiling, not falling asleep quickly. His mind flashed with bits and pieces about Mr. Fool, with all those things that the Major Arcana card holders had emphasized in their narration.</p>
<p>After quite a while, Lumian finally fell asleep.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
