<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1053.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1045-white-paper" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1045: White Paper</h2>
<p><em>Summon White Paper?</em></p>
<p>When Lumian saw the words on the paper, he was clearly stunned.</p>
<p>A strange trembling, surprise, and fear immediately welled up from the depths of his heart.</p>
<p><em>Had Aurore, whose soul fragment had further awakened and merged with me, struggled to control my body while I slept, just to leave this reminder?</em></p>
<p><em>Theoretically, this should be very important.</em></p>
<p><em>But why White Paper?</em></p>
<p>Lumian certainly remembered what White Paper was—it was Aurore’s contract creature, very weak, from the spirit world. Besides being spiritually connected to Aurore, its only function was to temporarily carry one Beyonder ability of the contractor, and even then, it was limited to simple and weak types.</p>
<p>What was there to care about with such a contract creature?</p>
<p>The real reason for Lumian’s intense emotional reaction was: he had originally thought everything about Cordu Village was very clear, that every important symbol had been interpreted, that who all the participants were and what roles they played were sufficiently clear, with no more questions, lacking only some specific details that didn’t affect the overall truth.</p>
<p>But now, after Aurore’s soul fragment had further awakened, the first thing she did was tell him to summon the contract creature White Paper!</p>
<p><em>Are there still important symbols in the Cordu Village incident that haven’t been interpreted?</em></p>
<p><em>Is the current truth not the complete truth?</em></p>
<p><em>Are there still crucial secrets hidden?</em></p>
<p>Lumian forcefully suppressed the turmoil in his heart and quickly reviewed the key points of the Cordu Village incident.</p>
<p><em>Initially, Madame Pualis followed her husband, the local administrator, Béost, to Cordu, secretly planning to develop Cordu into her ‘territory’ to establish her own Paramita;</em></p>
<p><em>Madame Pualis began an affair with the padre and became pregnant;</em></p>
<p><em>Aurore, influenced by members of April’s Fool attempted a Soul Summoning and ran into problems;</em></p>
<p><em>Aurore sought treatment from I Know Someone, her mental state fluctuating until ultimately allowing Roche Louise Sanson to return;</em></p>
<p><em>Some villagers who were close to Aurore were influenced by Roche and believed in the constellation heresy, gradually spreading it outward;</em></p>
<p><em>The padre, while dealing with those involved in the constellation heresy, was bewitched by Roche and became a believer in Inevitability;</em></p>
<p><em>At this time, or perhaps later, the deity worshipped by the Aurora Order noticed Aurore’s abnormality and the problems in Cordu Village, and began plotting Amon’s return;</em></p>
<p><em>Several shepherds began bringing ‘sacrifices’ into the village, secretly conducting several rituals;</em></p>
<p><em>Reimund, Ava, and others discovered the village’s abnormalities and were subsequently silenced;</em></p>
<p><em>I stumbled upon this matter and was nearly killed by the padre’s group, fortunately saved by Aurore;</em></p>
<p><em>She also discovered something was wrong, we began seeking help from the outside world, but the truly useful approach was blocked by the tiny lizards;</em></p>
<p><em>Aurore was increasingly becoming Roche Louise Sanson;</em></p>
<p><em>They raided Madame Pualis’s castle, and the padre killed his own child;</em></p>
<p><em>Madame Pualis left Cordu with her husband, butler, and maid, but left behind that empty cradle and other hidden arrangements, achieving some purpose through the final ritual;</em></p>
<p><em>The ritual officially began, Aurore pushed me off the altar, and Cordu was subsequently destroyed…</em></p>
<p>Lumian carefully recalled everything but couldn’t find where White Paper had played any important role or key part in these events.</p>
<p>It had only served as eyes for Aurore or Roche at certain moments, helping them observe corresponding targets and specific battlefields.</p>
<p><em>Among all the key points, the only unclear one is what role Madame Pualis’s empty cradle and hidden arrangements played, but preliminarily it can be linked to the true birth of the Mother’s Child of God Omebella, which isn’t very questionable—this was confirmed by both Mr. Star’s previous interpretation and the later scene of Madame Pualis appearing with baby Omebella…</em></p>
<p><em>Did White Paper observe some detail then that Aurore found useful, or rather, strange?</em></p>
<p>Just as Lumian thought this, he heard a knock at the door.</p>
<p>“Come in.” His emotions had largely calmed down.</p>
<p>Franca and Jenna opened the door and entered. The former looked around and said, “We sensed you were awake but hadn’t opened the door, so we came to check on you.”</p>
<p>Lumian pointed to the paper on the desk and said, “While I was asleep, Aurore might have briefly awakened and used my body to leave this message.”</p>
<p>Both Franca and Jenna were startled and quickly came to the desk, looking at the paper pressed down by the ink bottle.</p>
<p>“White Paper… your sister’s contract creature?” Jenna recalled Lumian’s previous accounts.</p>
<p>“Why did Aurore want you to summon White Paper?” Franca asked, puzzled.</p>
<p>Lumian shook his head slowly. “I don’t know either.</p>
<p>“I thought everything about Cordu Village was already clear, but now…”</p>
<p>Franca suddenly had an inspiration and said thoughtfully, “Could this be the useful change that would appear after becoming a Demoness of Unaging in Mr. Fool’s revelation?</p>
<p>“Is this the correct interpretation of that prerequisite?”</p>
<p>After thinking for a while, Lumian said, “Very likely.</p>
<p>“I had previously examined the characteristics and abilities of a Demoness of Unaging and hadn’t found anything that could play a key role in subsequent events. I thought something would only emerge when I brought the Gift of the Land to meet the Hand Bro in the City of Exiles.</p>
<p>“Now it seems Mr. Fool required me to advance to a Demoness of Unaging before borrowing the Gift of the Land because once I became a Demoness of Unaging, Aurore’s soul fragment would further awaken and better merge with me, able to provide very important reminders.”</p>
<p>“So you’re saying White Paper might have recorded key information about Madame Pualis and her baby Omebella?” Jenna made this conjecture based on Lumian and Franca’s words.</p>
<p>Lumian nodded. “Go get Anthony and Ludwig upstairs. I’m preparing to summon White Paper now.</p>
<p>“Since Aurore hasn’t completely died, her contract with White Paper still exists, and since Aurore is now part of me, I can summon White Paper in her name.”</p>
<p>Lumian wanted Anthony and Ludwig present because he wasn’t sure what state White Paper would be in—perhaps they would need a Spectator or Gourmet to interpret the corresponding information.</p>
<p>“Alright.” Franca and Jenna easily understood Lumian’s intentions.</p>
<p>After Anthony and Ludwig arrived in the bedroom and found their positions, Lumian quickly set up the altar.</p>
<p>Finally, he took out his Major Arcana card: “The Chariot”!</p>
<p>While placing “The Chariot” card at one corner of the altar, he took out The Fool’s Sacred Emblem and pressed it on top of “The Chariot” card.</p>
<p>This matter might involve the Great Mother, so he had to be careful.</p>
<p>After completing all preparations, Lumian watched the quietly burning candle flame and, within the wall of spirituality, stepped back twice and called out in ancient Hermes, “I!”</p>
<p>Then, Lumian switched to Hermes.</p>
<p>“I summon in my name:</p>
<p>“The spirit that wanders about the unfounded, a friendly creature that can be subordinated, a Contract Companion that belongs solely to me…”</p>
<p>After reciting the incantation, Lumian saw the candle flame gently start to flicker, taking on a ghostly blue tinge.</p>
<p>A cold wind suddenly swept through, and a transparent, blurry sphere like a soap bubble appeared above the candle flame.</p>
<p>It quietly faced Lumian, giving him a sense of both familiarity and strangeness.</p>
<p>This was indeed White Paper, just as he remembered it, yet there was also an inexplicable sense of unfamiliarity.</p>
<p><em>As I remembered…</em> Lumian suddenly felt a pain in his head.</p>
<p>He slightly furrowed his brow as images flashed through his mind.</p>
<p>He remembered now that he had never actually seen White Paper because before Cordu’s destruction, he wasn’t yet a Beyonder, and even with Aurore’s guidance, he hadn’t successfully activated Spirit Vision, and at low to middle Sequences, one couldn’t see White Paper without Spirit Vision.</p>
<p>His memories of White Paper’s appearance all came from Aurore’s soul fragment.</p>
<p>As scene after scene flashed by, Lumian, through the further awakened soul fragment of Aurore, barely recalled the circumstances of her first summoning of White Paper.</p>
<p>At that time, White Paper was also such a fragile, soap bubble-like sphere, but there seemed to be liquid inside the sphere—clear liquid with hints of pale yellow and milky white.</p>
<p>And as time passed, those liquids gradually disappeared, and White Paper eventually settled into its current form.</p>
<p><em>Why had there been such a change?</em> Lumian looked at White Paper, feeling it was indeed spiritually connected to him.</p>
<p>But spiritual connection didn’t mean White Paper had enough intelligence to understand the meaning of words—it could only accept simple commands and couldn’t answer Lumian’s questions.</p>
<p>“There’s nothing abnormal, nothing noteworthy…” Franca frowned, turning her gaze to Jenna, Anthony, and Ludwig.</p>
<p>Jenna and Anthony shook their heads in turn, indicating they also hadn’t seen any important information contained in White Paper.</p>
<p>Ludwig licked his lips and said softly, “It used to have a very tempting scent, but now it’s gone.”</p>
<p>“Used to have a very tempting scent…” Franca fell into thought.</p>
<p>Jenna muttered to herself, “This indicates there was indeed a problem, there used to be a problem?</p>
<p>“The knowledge Aurore used to summon White Paper came from the infusion of that evil god Hidden Sage… an intentional infusion?”</p>
<p>“Mm.” Franca nodded slowly and solemnly, “What was the problem that used to exist?”</p>
<p>She looked at Ludwig again.</p>
<p>“Don’t know.” Ludwig shook his head.</p>
<p>At this point, Lumian, who had been watching White Paper and listening to his companions’ dialogue, spoke in a deep voice,</p>
<p>“If we treat the Cordu Village disaster as a story, what does White Paper symbolize in this story?”</p>
<p>Franca and the others looked at each other, each lost in thought.</p>
<p>After a few seconds, Franca carefully said, “I don’t know what the contract creature White Paper symbolizes, but when the concept of white paper is connected to the story, it symbolizes…”</p>
<p>She paused, her throat inexplicably tight, her voice unconsciously becoming deeper.</p>
<p>“It symbolizes the state before a story is written—it symbolizes the beginning of everything.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
