<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1093.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1085-typhoon" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1085: Typhoon</h2>
<p><em>Ooo!</em></p>
<p>The howling winds rampaged, slamming the windows and doors, the trees trembling and their branches bending to one side.</p>
<p>The residents along the Berserk Sea coast had rich experience dealing with hurricane weather—they had all tightly shut their doors and windows, crossed tape over them, and taken shelter away from the balconies and doors.</p>
<p>Yet, despite this, as they heard the roaring, shrill winds outside and felt their houses shuddering, they couldn’t help but feel anxious and afraid. The vagrants had taken refuge in the cathedrals or poorhouses.</p>
<p>Amid the towering, crashing waves that sometimes reached the sky, the hooded, black-robed figure of Lumian could be seen.</p>
<p>His clothes were flapping loudly, his hood nearly blowing off.</p>
<p>Without the ability to fly or levitate, he surveyed the layered cloud walls surrounding the typhoon’s eye, unable to find the final coordinates of the spiritual realm in the chaotic environment—he could only go where his eyes led.</p>
<p>Then, he activated the black mark on his right shoulder and Teleported into the heart of the typhoon.</p>
<p>Simultaneously, the water droplets violently swirling in the area he had just left rapidly condensed into ice, the temperature plummeting.</p>
<p>In the typhoon’s core, Lumian’s figure barely materialized before the gale-driven waves, roaring like a speeding steam train, crashed into him ferociously.</p>
<p>Lumian was blown away, but he Teleported deeper into the typhoon, again relying on the “see and take” method in this gloomy, apocalyptic environment.</p>
<p>Wherever he went, the rain froze into a thick layer of ice.</p>
<p>After a few such jumps, he finally reached his destination—the typhoon’s eye!</p>
<p>The howling winds seemed to vanish, and the high altitude even revealed a clear, azure sky.</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t have time to admire this special place. His pale blue eyes suddenly turned a deep, iron black.</p>
<p>As he plummeted, he quickly observed the surrounding cloud walls and the core structure of the typhoon.</p>
<p>Weakness Investigation!</p>
<p>A typhoon had weaknesses too!</p>
<p>In just a few seconds, the falling Lumian spotted several large, pallid areas.</p>
<p>The typhoon’s weak points weren’t just one.</p>
<p>Lumian Teleported again, arriving near the largest pallid spot, looking down on it from above.</p>
<p>At this point, if he were a pure Sequence 3 Hunter, completing the next steps would be quite difficult, even if he could skillfully use explosives and Cull—by targeting the weak points and disrupting the core structure, the typhoon might not necessarily dissipate, but could instead reorganize and strengthen, and the weather wouldn’t change in the short term.</p>
<p>But for a Demoness of Unaging, why use such a brutal method? Besides, the effect might not even be good.</p>
<p>As Lumian continued falling, he took out a mirror, reflecting the pallid area above the cloud walls and hurricane.</p>
<p>This wasn’t to curse the weak point and complete the Cull, of course—a Demoness’s curses couldn’t target soulless objects.</p>
<p>What Lumian wanted to do was forcibly transfer the typhoon’s weak points and structural flaws into the mirror world.</p>
<p>This was also a form of destruction, and it could be repeated multiple times quickly.</p>
<p>Lumian raised his right hand, rapidly brushing across the mirror’s surface as he fell.</p>
<p>A crack sounded—the makeup mirror seemed to be unable to withstand the strain, about to shatter.</p>
<p>Lumian unhesitatingly poured in a large amount of spirituality, forcibly dragging that cloud wall and hurricane area into the mirror world.</p>
<p>With that section suddenly gone, cracks spread across the mirror in Lumian’s hand.</p>
<p>Simultaneously, the typhoon’s core structure began to disintegrate, the cloud walls dissipating piece by piece.</p>
<p>Lumian used Teleportation and the ability to drag things into the mirror world to continue destroying other structural weak points, not giving the typhoon a chance to reorganize.</p>
<p>In the end, more and more of the cloud walls and the hurricane were pulled into the mirror world.</p>
<p>On the coastline nearest to the typhoon, some people observing the sea from their rooms suddenly noticed the winds dying down and the waves subsiding.</p>
<p>In the distance, the surrounding clouds and fierce winds were pouring into a funnel, an impressive sight.</p>
<p>As the onlookers blinked, they found that another section of the hurricane-swept clouds had mysteriously vanished.</p>
<p>Piece by piece, they disappeared.</p>
<p><em>Bang! Bang! Bang!</em></p>
<p>Some mirrors in their room abruptly shattered, with a gust of wind blowing out, but not particularly strong.</p>
<p>These were the random remnant winds that had escaped the mirror world after a long journey.</p>
<p>After another dozen seconds or so, the sky in the affected area gradually cleared.</p>
<p>Gazing at the cloudless, azure sky, Lumian plummeted rapidly toward the sea surface.</p>
<p>With a Teleport, he appeared directly over the sapphire waters, a thick sheet of ice forming beneath his feet.</p>
<p>Under the deft pull of invisible spider silk, the violet-blue crystal pillar, violet feathers, iron bone crystals, blood of varying shades, charred tree branches, and seemingly unremarkable clear water all flew out of the Traveler’s Bag, leaving their original containers to converge in a glass cup.</p>
<p>Silently, the slightly violet liquid that formed ignited, melting the glass and dripping downward.</p>
<p>Cupping the burning liquid, Lumian brought it to his lips and drank.</p>
<p>His entire being, including his mirror self, was instantly set ablaze.</p>
<p><em>Rumble!</em></p>
<p>Dense, dark clouds gathered in the sky, real lightning and hail coalescing and drawn to Lumian’s state, striking him.</p>
<p>At this moment, the spirit world’s information of this area had not yet fully changed, still partially corresponding to the typhoon. There was a rapid influx of information of Lumian relying on his own abilities to change the weather, creating an extremely strong connection between him, this area, and the corresponding spirit world.</p>
<p><em>Rumble!</em></p>
<p>Lightning struck, sharp hail pelted down—various extreme weather phenomena assaulted the still-burning Lumian in small bursts, tearing and ravaging him.</p>
<p>Lumian felt excruciating pain in body, mind, and spirit, his thoughts growing increasingly hazy, as if about to dissipate into this area, this spirit world.</p>
<p>This area, this spirit world, resisted the fusion of Lumian’s spirit and consciousness, because he was the destroyer, the changer—he would inevitably be rejected in the short term.</p>
<p>At this moment, Lumian’s blurred mind heard voices—Aurore’s, Franca’s, Jenna’s, and countless other anchors.</p>
<p>His body tore apart, shattered, turning to ash, including his mirror self and the him slumbering within the mirror.</p>
<p>The next moment, a wavering, violet-tinged blue flame ignited amidst the remnant ashes.</p>
<p>This flame rapidly expanded and intensified, forging within it black iron bones, an indescribable tangle of complex symbols and patterns.</p>
<p>They gradually formed a towering, five-to-six-meter figure, like the legendary fire giant come to life.</p>
<p>Immediately, Lumian’s face coalesced, its iron-black hue gleaming with a metallic luster, yet still clearly handsome and masculine in appearance.</p>
<p>Blood-red hair also sprouted, each strand as thick as a python, some rotating black-and-white eyeballs at the top, others opening jaws with venomous fangs.</p>
<p>A complete Mythical Creature form!</p>
<p>A Mythical Creature form blended with Demoness traits!</p>
<p>In this moment, Lumian dimly sensed the banner-like 0-01 and the massive, shrouded black shadow lurking in the ancient well—existences closely connected to him, at the pinnacles of the pathways, the former relatively clearer, the latter extremely hazy, as if cloaked in layers of gray fog.</p>
<p>Additionally, three more gazes were cast upon him from afar, but he couldn’t discern who they belonged to or where they came from.</p>
<p>This hallucination-like sensing vanished in an instant, and Lumian’s body rapidly shrank, the violet-tinged blue flames on its surface dissipating.</p>
<p>A second later, he returned to a human male form, exuding a powerful, masculine aura.</p>
<p>Over two meters tall, bronze-skinned, his muscles were not only vivid and full of explosive strength, but also flowing in graceful lines, like the finest sculptural masterpiece.</p>
<p>His features had become even more handsome and sharp, his pale blue eyes deepening slightly, the refined details softening some of the aggressive edge.</p>
<p>Lumian turned his gaze forward—the sea had already frozen into a thick, crystalline sheet, the azure currents visible raging beneath.</p>
<p>The Traveler’s Bag was in the distance, beyond the ice layer, or else even the one specially made by Mr. Fool would have been damaged in the previous blazing inferno and calamitous weather.</p>
<p>With an invisible spider silk tug, the Traveler’s Bag flew back into Lumian’s hand. He took out a change of clothes, awkwardly putting them on, as if an adult trying to squeeze into a child’s garments.</p>
<p>His figure then vanished, leaving only scattered broken ice floes.</p>
<hr />
<p>In a drought-stricken hot area, the onlookers, fearful yet curious, watched from a distance as the witch took the dead’s blood, some believers even going to find a priest.</p>
<p>Suddenly, a dull thunder rumbled.</p>
<p>They instinctively looked up, finding the sky had somehow become heavily overcast.</p>
<p><em>Plop!</em></p>
<p>A raindrop splashed on the cracked lips of one of the observers.</p>
<p>He exclaimed joyfully, raising his hands, “It’s raining, it’s going to rain!”</p>
<hr />
<p>In the southern Haagenti Kingdom, the residents worried about the snowstorm continuing to the point of collapsing their roofs considered braving the risks to clear some of it.</p>
<p>Just then, they saw rays of clear sunlight shining through the windows, into the house.</p>
<p><em>Wh—</em> The residents rushed to the window, looking outside.</p>
<p>The lead-gray clouds dominating the sky had all dissipated, the not-so-warm sun shining upon the land once more.</p>
<p>The thick, fluffy snowflakes falling from mid-air gradually grew smaller, until they disappeared.</p>
<hr />
<p><em>Rumble!</em></p>
<p>In a thunderstorm, few dared to go out, the children huddling fearfully beside their parents, unable to sleep.</p>
<p>Their parents worried about subsequent heavy rain and flooding.</p>
<p>Amid these emotions, they suddenly realized the lightning had stopped flashing across the sky for some time, the rumbling thunder vanished.</p>
<hr />
<p>Trier, inside the luxurious villa, a swirl of violet-tinged blue flames coalesced before Franca, Jenna, Anthony, and Ludwig, forming the tall, handsome Lumian.</p>
<p>“You’ve grown taller again…” Franca looked up, studying him for a few seconds.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
