<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1038.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1031-gehrman-sparrow" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1031: Gehrman Sparrow</h2>
<p>Just like when Lumian entered the surveillance world, after Franca’s vision recovered, she found herself standing on the deck of a three-masted sailing ship, surrounded by undulating azure waves and howling winds.</p>
<p>In front of her, at the bow of the ship, stood a young man wearing a silk top hat, dressed in a long black coat, clean-shaven, with a lean but angular face, bright eyes behind gold-rimmed glasses.</p>
<p>Gehrman Sparrow.</p>
<p>The protagonist of The Great Pirate 3 movie, quite similar to Zhou Mingrui but more stern-looking.</p>
<p>Gehrman Sparrow suddenly turned his gaze towards Franca, expressionless, his eyes cold and piercing.</p>
<p>Franca instinctively stepped back twice, forcing herself to stand firm.</p>
<p>Gehrman Sparrow observed her for a few seconds—her high ponytail, white T-shirt, and loose gray pants—and asked in a calm voice, “Are you Tracy’s elder?”</p>
<p>Tracy was the name of the Pirate Admiral, Ailment Maiden.</p>
<p><em>He recognizes me as a Demoness?</em> Franca glanced at Gehrman Sparrow’s left palm hanging at his side, seemingly covered in a layer of human skin, and said sincerely, “I’m a subordinate of the Demoness of Black. She is the child of the Demoness of White. We are not on good terms.”</p>
<p>This was all the honest truth.</p>
<p>According to Franca’s understanding, lying in front of Gehrman Sparrow was a very low-yield behavior. Once exposed, one would immediately face an attack like a violent storm.</p>
<p>Moreover, Franca wasn’t clear about what souls were actually grazing inside the glove-shaped Sealed Artifact Creeping Hunger when the real Gehrman Sparrow met Ailment Maiden Tracy. She only knew that in Madam Magician’s embellished story, the glove at this time could allow Gehrman Sparrow to use the mind-reading ability of a Psychiatrist, so lying was indeed a high-risk behavior.</p>
<p>Therefore, honesty was the best policy!</p>
<p>The gold-rimmed glasses-wearing Gehrman Sparrow observed Franca for a few seconds and said, “What is your purpose?”</p>
<p><em>Lumian had said that although the Gehrman Sparrow in the movie isn’t exactly the same as the real Gehrman Sparrow, the original author of the movie was Madam Magician. When creating The Great Pirate 3, she would inevitably incorporate her own understanding of Gehrman Sparrow. At that time, she already knew that Gehrman Sparrow was an avatar of Mr. Fool, and driven by her subconscious, she would likely integrate some of Mr. Fool’s personality and choices as well. So, to convince Gehrman Sparrow to accept such an absurd thing, one has to approach from this angle…</em> Franca’s thoughts raced, and she blurted out, “We are the same kind!</p>
<p>“We are both transmigrators!”</p>
<p>Gehrman Sparrow looked at Franca without speaking.</p>
<p>He was holding a revolver in his right hand.</p>
<p>Franca explained seriously, “We are transmigrators in time. Hehe, actually, it’s not transmigration, but being frozen in a special place by a great existence, only to be returned to reality after thousands or tens of thousands of years, or even longer. You are like this, and so am I.”</p>
<p>Before Gehrman Sparrow could refute or simply shoot her, Franca quickly added, “The name Gehrman comes from ‘Bloodborne’, and Sparrow is the surname of Captain Jack from ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’. They are spliced together to form your name.”</p>
<p>After saying this, Franca felt that the pressure from Gehrman Sparrow’s gaze had noticeably lessened.</p>
<p>She let out an undisguised sigh of relief and continued, “The reason I’ve come to find you is that the end of days will come early, and you have inherited the legacy of the great existence that froze us. You are a key part in facing the apocalypse.</p>
<p>“Are you willing to leave here with me to face the apocalypse?”</p>
<p>After making her request, Franca smiled awkwardly but politely. “Do you believe what I’ve said?”</p>
<p>Gehrman Sparrow looked at Franca without saying a word, making her extremely nervous.</p>
<p>After a moment, Gehrman Sparrow said in a low voice, “I can give it a try.</p>
<p>“But if I find out you’re lying…”</p>
<p>In a flash, he raised his revolver, aiming at Franca’s head.</p>
<p><em>Bang!</em></p>
<p>A bullet flew out, grazing Franca’s head and hitting the nearby cabin.</p>
<p>Gehrman Sparrow lowered his revolver without saying anything more.</p>
<p><em>I have a Mirror Substitution…</em> Franca grumbled internally.</p>
<p>She quickly approached Gehrman Sparrow and grabbed his arm.</p>
<p>“I’ll take you to the gathering point right now!”</p>
<p>Yes, her assigned task was to find the currently playing The Great Pirate 3 movie, enter the screen when the dream appeared abnormal but was about to stabilize, and bring the Gehrman Sparrow character into the dream city!</p>
<p><em>Wouldn’t such a movie character dissipate quickly after leaving the screen and entering the dream city? Moreover, my Despair potion hasn’t been fully digested yet. What if the dream shatters because of this?</em> At the crucial moment, Franca’s heart pounded, feeling very uneasy.</p>
<p>She didn’t hesitate for long. Gritting her teeth, she silently said to herself, <em>Trust that guy!</em></p>
<p><em>Trust that the Major Arcana card holders can still remedy this!</em></p>
<p><em>At worst, I’ll revert to a Demoness of Affliction level!</em></p>
<p>As her inner voice echoed, Franca, holding Gehrman Sparrow’s arm, moved towards the outside of the screen.</p>
<hr />
<p>Inside Yangdu High-Speed Rail Station, half in deep darkness and half in dim light.</p>
<p>Zhou Mingrui looked at Lumian in front of him and said, “You still chose the Gehrman Sparrow direction?”</p>
<p>His voice was steady, without a hint of fluctuation, like a teacher pointing out a student’s mistake.</p>
<p>“Yes,” Lumian smiled and said, “But it’s not An Xiaotian, nor Jia Yu. These were all options meant to mislead us.</p>
<p>“My companion Franca went to watch The Great Pirate 3 movie. It should be one of the last screenings. She is the Demoness of Despair and can enter the screen to bring out the Gehrman Sparrow from the movie.”</p>
<p>Lumian emphasized the name “Franca”, as if wanting the Celestial Worthy to remember it.</p>
<p>Zhou Mingrui smiled slightly and said, “A movie character can only maintain its form for three seconds after leaving the screen.”</p>
<p>“What about adding the Gehrman Sparrow dream manifestation woven by a Dreamweaver, the numerous Gehrman Sparrow anchors in reality, and the widely spread stories and poems about Gehrman Sparrow?” Lumian asked as if in casual conversation.</p>
<hr />
<p>Trier, inside a luxurious villa.</p>
<p>Madam Justice, who was monitoring the changes in the dream city, suddenly stood up and said to all the Major Arcana card holders, “The anomaly has appeared. Let’s begin.”</p>
<p>Her voice was a bit tense, her heart seemingly not as calm as her exterior.</p>
<p>Madam Magician immediately rose from the sofa and half-opened her arms.</p>
<p>A brilliant, dreamlike starlight gate appeared in the bedroom where Franca was sleeping, appearing in the shadowless sunlight.</p>
<p>This grand door opened heavily, revealing the faint grayish-white fog inside.</p>
<p>Within the fog, a city of indeterminate size faintly appeared.</p>
<p>Madam Magician didn’t stop, forcibly opening another “door”, an opening, on that grayish-white fog.</p>
<p>At this moment, her face became semi-transparent, with strange, brilliantly shimmering worms wriggling and crawling through her pores and hair.</p>
<p>Madam Justice saw the movie theater where Franca was through that hole in the gray fog, then closed her emerald-like eyes, raised her right hand, and began to carefully weave the dream manifestation of Gehrman Sparrow.</p>
<p>On the other side, Mr. Sun placed The Fool’s Sacred Emblem on the already prepared altar and began to pray to the Angel of Redemption Gehrman Sparrow as usual, praising him repeatedly.</p>
<p>As a demigod of the Sun pathway and the pope of the Church of The Fool, his prayers and praises quickly brought changes to the altar. Points of holy light appeared, surrounding the giant Sacred Emblem of The Fool, making the surroundings seem more sacred and solemn.</p>
<p>At this moment, Ma’am Hermit, who had arrived nearby, removed the thick glasses perched on her nose bridge. Imitating Gehrman Sparrow, she placed her hand on her chest and bowed.</p>
<p>Instantly, a scene appeared above the altar.</p>
<p>In the scene, Gehrman Sparrow, wearing a silk top hat and black coat, walked step by step across a desolate land in a dark environment illuminated by flashes of lightning, followed by a long line of people.</p>
<p>This was Mystical Re-enactment of the Mystery Pryer pathway.</p>
<p>Gehrman Sparrow’s rescue of the citizens of the City of Silver and Moon City was also considered mystical knowledge, and could become a spell through Mystical Re-enactment. However, because too many people knew about it, its corresponding power was very weak.</p>
<p>But Ma’am Hermit’s purpose in deliberately creating this “Path of Salvation” spell was not to deal with enemies or help herself. Her sole aim was to solidify the image of Gehrman Sparrow.</p>
<p>As “Gehrman Sparrow” arrived on the altar due to Mystical Re-enactment, the points of holy light immediately crowded around him, swelling slightly, and emitting ethereal voices:</p>
<p>“Praise you, great Angel of Redemption!”</p>
<p>“Praise you, herald of Mr. Fool!”</p>
<p>“Please save me from suffering, great Gehrman Sparrow!”</p>
<p>“I confess to you, seeking redemption!”</p>
<p>“My idol is Gehrman Sparrow!”</p>
<p>“I want to become a great adventurer!”</p>
<p>“…”</p>
<p>Voices related to Gehrman Sparrow echoed in layers, seemingly stabilizing and materializing the image of Gehrman Sparrow on the altar platform to some degree.</p>
<p>Meanwhile, at the entrance to the dream city opened by Madam Magician.</p>
<p>Madam Justice successfully wove a Gehrman Sparrow wearing a silk top hat and long black coat inside the movie theater where Franca’s figure had already entered the screen.</p>
<p>Throughout the process, she didn’t feel strong rejection from the dream.</p>
<p>However, as soon as Gehrman Sparrow’s dream manifestation took shape, it only lasted for three seconds before uncontrollably and silently collapsing and dissipating.</p>
<p>Seeing this, the few spectators present instinctively applauded.</p>
<p>They increasingly believed that the beautiful young lady entering the screen earlier was part of a magic performance.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
