<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1067.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1059-zedus" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1059: Zedus</h2>
<p>Lumian had advanced too quickly and hadn’t yet mastered many mystical languages. He had only learned part of Jotun so far, but he had a contractual connection with the Abscessed Hand, allowing him to directly understand the meaning through the thoughts transmitted by the other party.</p>
<p>At that moment, he was completely stunned by the Abscessed Hand’s reaction and words.</p>
<p>He had originally imagined that after thousands of years, the reunion of brother and sister would be sad yet heartwarming, like when Hand Bro had just become a 0-01 soldier and called out the name “Omebella” with such depth.</p>
<p>Instead, there was not a trace of warmth, only bone-deep hatred.</p>
<p>As the Abscessed Hand’s voice echoed, the area around Him lit up, as if crimson moonlight was falling from an unknown place onto this wilderness—evil, cold, and bloody.</p>
<p>Then, within the crimson moonlight, one after another illusory and complex Doors of Summoning split open, connecting to different places, with some indescribable horror growing behind them.</p>
<p>On the wilderness ground, countless plants sprouted, creeping toward the withered trunk that had evolved from Omebella’s remains.</p>
<p>The Gift of the Land, stimulated by this, also reacted, with the soil below splitting apart, leaving nothing growing.</p>
<p>This power, rich with death and return, met the lush scene of new life.</p>
<p>Standing between Omebella’s remains and the Abscessed Hand, Lumian was instantly affected, uncontrollably regressing into a mirror that cracked with a snap.</p>
<p>This influence continued to expand rapidly, not giving Lumian, who was trying to redraw his silhouette, a moment’s peace.</p>
<p>At this moment, streams of invisible flames shot up from various parts of the wilderness, the sky above taking on the color of burning, as a terrifying will that could conquer everything suddenly descended.</p>
<p>The flesh in the middle of the Abscessed Hand’s brow writhed, pulling at the skin.</p>
<p>The distortion of His face quickly returned to normal, and around Him, whether it was the crimson moonlight, the numerous Doors of Summoning, or the various newly grown plants, all instantly vanished.</p>
<p>The Sealed Artifact Gift of the Land also returned to silence, the desolation no longer spreading.</p>
<p>As the invisible flames extinguished, this blood-stained wilderness before the mountain of corpses was once again shrouded in darkness.</p>
<p>Lumian looked toward the peak of the corpse mountain and couldn’t help muttering, “Boss, aren’t you being a bit too hasty?”</p>
<p>He had wanted to observe for a while longer before using 0-01’s power and authority to suppress the Abscessed Hand and the Gift of the Land, but unexpectedly, 0-01 had reacted to the stress.</p>
<p>This left him quite helpless.</p>
<p>However, there was nothing he could do about it—after all, 0-01 was the boss, and he was just the proxy.</p>
<p>And 0-01 was actually in a state of deep sleep, reacting purely on instinct, not something Lumian could “persuade” even if he wanted to.</p>
<p>Confirming Hand Bro’s reaction and hearing those words is enough. Some of my previously unclear thoughts and speculations have either been overturned or connected…</p>
<p><em>Heh heh, Hand Bro, should I call you Zedus from now on?</em></p>
<p>Lumian muttered for a while, then put away the Gift of the Land which had been suppressed and become quiet, with no random effects likely to appear for some time, and teleported back to the square in front of the Church of Knowledge.</p>
<p>Here, wailing and groaning were everywhere, with many having already lost their lives.</p>
<p>Lumian swept his gaze around, quickly left Morora, and appeared back in the area behind the mirror, appearing beside Franca.</p>
<p>At this time, Jenna had just completed her advancement, her hair slightly darker and thicker, her eyes an even more beautiful blue.</p>
<p>“Where’s Madam Magician?” Lumian took his gaze off Jenna and asked Franca.</p>
<p>Franca made a tongue-clicking sound and chuckled.</p>
<p>“After confirming there were no problems with Jenna’s advancement, she went back to work on her manuscript.</p>
<p>“She said if you have any findings or speculations, either summon her messenger or report directly to Mr. Fool.”</p>
<p>“This time I’ll need a signed book.” Lumian laughed, then said to Franca and Jenna, “Let’s go to the New City of Silver first.”</p>
<hr />
<p>After returning the Gift of the Land to the room at the bottom of the spire, Lumian went to the Church of Fool headquarters and entered the confessional that Mr. Sun had specially prepared for him and the others.</p>
<p>He immediately created a ball of blazing white flame, letting the light fill every inch of space inside the confessional, then began telling Franca, Jenna, and Mr. Sun, who had come specially to listen, about his “brother-sister” speculation, the names Omebella and Zedus, the Abscessed Hand’s recent reaction and His spoken words.</p>
<p>“You mean Omebella and Zedus are both children of the Great Mother,’the former being the elder sister who inherited the power of the Earth pathway, and the latter being the brother on the neighboring Moon pathway, and they were possibly twins?” Franca tried to sort out the logic.</p>
<p>At this point, Jenna’s face showed a grave expression. “Zedus was killed by Omebella, for unknown reasons?”</p>
<p>“Perhaps with the help of Omebella’s husband, the ancient god—Giant King Aurmir. They were worried about Zedus’s resurrection, so they deliberately dismembered Him into multiple pieces and sealed them in different places. This is also why the Sanguine never heard of such an Angel of the Moon pathway.</p>
<p>“Yes, this event probably happened quite early, before that Sanguine ancestor partially regained consciousness in the Second Epoch and became an ancient god. I’ve been saying, it doesn’t make sense that there was only a Sanguine ancestor in the Second Epoch. Since one of the Sequences in the Beyonder characteristics is called Vampire, there should have been Vampires as creatures in the early Second Epoch, or even the First Epoch, regardless of whether they had rationality or were completely equivalent to monsters—this doesn’t affect the essential definition,” Lumian spoke slowly, thinking as he talked.</p>
<p>Mr. Sun offered an explanation on behalf of the Sanguine, “The Sanguine don’t consider such monsters as their kin.”</p>
<p>“So it’s Sanguine ancestor, not Vampire ancestor?” Lumian thought that if Mr. Moon were present, there might be some unpleasant incidents.</p>
<p>After one divine assembly and one small gathering, he had gained a preliminary understanding of Mr. Moon’s personality and concerns.</p>
<p>Mr. Sun answered very fairly, “That’s what they call it.”</p>
<p><em>But you people of the New City of Silver think vampires and the Sanguine are essentially the same?</em> Lumian, Franca, and Jenna, all three Demonesses, could hear what Mr. Sun left unsaid.</p>
<p><em>What a considerate person…</em> Lumian sighed inwardly before continuing, “Before His death, Zedus cursed His sister Omebella, cursing Her to die by the hand of Her direct descendant, and this curse came true.”</p>
<p>At this point, Lumian suddenly paused, and after two seconds, said in a low voice, “Zedus, as an Angel of the Moon pathway, was killed by Omebella of the Earth pathway, who might have also stolen His identity, while Omebella ultimately died at the hands of the Sanguine ancestor, an ancient god of the Moon pathway who might no longer have had true god status at the time, and then had Her identity stolen.</p>
<p>“This is an inevitability…”</p>
<p>Lumian felt profound emotion.</p>
<p>When he had stolen the power of Inevitability, he had no clear understanding, but the more he learned, the more he felt that inevitability was an issue that even Angels, true gods, and great beings couldn’t avoid.</p>
<p>After discussing for a while longer, Lumian stood up and said, “I need to report to Mr. Fool; he might provide new revelations.”</p>
<p>He began praying right there in the confessional.</p>
<p>Suddenly, thin grayish-white fog appeared before his eyes, and his ears seemed to hear terrifying chaotic sounds.</p>
<p>In just the blink of an eye, Lumian saw himself sitting at the bronze long table, in the position representing the Chariot, while at the head of the long table, in that huge stone chair, Mr. Fool’s figure, wearing a top hat and coat, was faintly visible, hidden in the mist.</p>
<p>“Good morning, Mr. Fool.” Lumian immediately stood up and bowed.</p>
<p>He had intended to report to Mr. Fool through prayer but was directly pulled up to the gray fog instead.</p>
<p>The Fool nodded slightly, his voice carrying more gentleness than the coldness of the last gathering.</p>
<p>“You have found the answer?”</p>
<p>Lumian sat down. “I have become a Demoness of Unaging, borrowed the Gift of the Land, and went to see the Abscessed Hand in the depths of Morora…”</p>
<p>After repeating Mr. Fool’s previous revelation, he shared all the information he had collected and all his speculations, finally asking, “Mr. Fool, did Madame Pualis deliberately hide the infant Zedus in Cordu to use the ritual that the Inevitability believers would ultimately perform?</p>
<p>“Was the infant Zedus’s mysterious disappearance due to that ritual?”</p>
<p>The Fool, shrouded in thin gray fog, nodded. “Yes.”</p>
<p>Lumian suddenly smiled, laughing for several seconds.</p>
<p>Then, he sighed and asked seriously, “Mr. Fool, the infant Zedus’s soul fragments are within my body, right?”</p>
<p>Since the one worshiped by the Aurora Order could use that ritual and Mr. Fool’s seal to let Amon return within the barrier undetected and steal Termiboros’s power and identity, the Great Mother could do something similar!</p>
<p>The infant Zedus must have also been in the destruction brought by the ritual at that time, like other villagers of Cordu, shattered into pieces, with only fragments of soul remaining, which were then sealed inside my body!</p>
<p>That’s how he mysteriously disappeared.</p>
<p>The Fool placed his right hand on the edge of the long table and rapped it gently. “Yes.”</p>
<p>Lumian gave a self-deprecating smile. “No wonder I encountered matters related to the Great Mother as soon as I reached Trier, met the priest who had nurtured Omebella as soon as I went to sea, and the first contract creature I selected was the Abscessed Hand…”</p>
<p>He sighed softly for a few moments, then looked back at the table before The Fool.</p>
<p>“Mr. Fool, can you help me remove the seal and separate the infant Zedus’s soul fragment?”</p>
<p>The Fool said in an even voice, “Like Aurore’s soul fragments, he has already merged with you.”</p>
<p>Lumian was stunned for a moment, shocked yet feeling this was natural.</p>
<p>The special quality possessed by Aurore’s soul fragment was obviously also possessed by the infant Zedus’s soul fragment.</p>
<p>The two of them were different from other villagers—if one had merged, the other would certainly not be an exception.</p>
<p>“Will he affect Aurore’s resurrection?” Lumian asked the question he cared about most.</p>
<p>The Fool shook his head slightly. “He has a different gender from Aurore; he will only replace you in the future.</p>
<p>“He merged with you when you obtained Omebella’s bloodline.”</p>
<p>“Zedus’s soul fragment, Omebella’s bloodline, heh heh, I alone am equivalent to divine twins.” Lumian exhaled and sincerely asked, “Mr. Fool, is there a way to resolve this issue?”</p>
<p>The Fool looked at Lumian for several seconds, his voice suddenly becoming somewhat drifting, as if narrating fate, “This is a hidden danger, a risk, and also a variable, an opportunity.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
