<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1041.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1034-tarot-club" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1034: Tarot Club</h2>
<p>As the dream rapidly collapsed, Lumian withdrew his gaze, leaving the edge of that deep darkness and walking towards the disintegrating Yangdu High-Speed Rail Station outside.</p>
<p>He wanted to take one last look at this city.</p>
<p>Suddenly, he noticed a figure leaning against the wall at the position where the radiance converged into an exit, standing quietly.</p>
<p>That figure wore black armor stained with what looked like fresh blood, with fiery red long hair. The face was young and handsome, with two faint scars on either cheek, and a vivid red banner mark prominently displayed between his brows.</p>
<p>Unlike other dream manifestations that were blurry and nearly dissipating, this figure was not as clear as Lumian but had an illusory quality, like a spirit.</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t need to ask to know who this figure was: Red Angel Medici.</p>
<p>“Did you come to wait for me?” Lumian asked with a smile.</p>
<p>He was prepared to leave this place along with the collapse of the dream.</p>
<p>Medici left the wall and stood up straight, letting out a sneer. “If you’re too stupid to understand the hint, I’d have been the one to replace you on stage.”</p>
<p>He looked into Lumian’s eyes and shook His head. “Too weak, you’re still too weak right now.”</p>
<p>After this remark, the Red Angel slightly raised His chin and said, “I already know your experiences. I’ll give you a chance—I’ll come to hunt you down after you become an Angel.</p>
<p>“No need to thank me. This has nothing to do with pride. The pride of the war pathway isn’t used against enemies.”</p>
<p>Medici didn’t give Lumian a chance to respond. He turned and walked into the passage, leaving Yangdu High-Speed Rail Station and the collapsing dream.</p>
<p><em>You waited until the very end just to say these few words to me? You must have also achieved some unknown goals by entering this dream, right?</em> Lumian turned to the side, once again casting his gaze towards that deep darkness.</p>
<p>His biggest question now was where the deity, the Primordial Demoness, was.</p>
<p>The fact that Franca advanced in the basement of Mushu Hospital indicated that the Primordial Demoness indeed had a corresponding manifestation in the dream city. But in matters involving the special mirror world’s great horror, the original God Almighty and the Demoness card, and the major event of the dream’s end, She hadn’t appeared or intervened at all.</p>
<p>Before Lumian could think further, Yangdu High-Speed Rail Station collapsed silently.</p>
<p>He first felt a sense of weightlessness as if falling off a cliff, then opened his eyes and woke up.</p>
<p>He immediately saw some sunlight penetrating the curtains, with a large amount of dust floating in the air.</p>
<p>At the same time, faint sounds of singing, praising, and conversation came from next door, entering his ears.</p>
<p>Lumian lay quietly in bed, feeling the springiness of the mattress and the soft warmth of the covers, not wanting to move at all.</p>
<hr />
<p>Half an hour later, in the living room on the first floor.</p>
<p>Madam Magician said to Lumian, Franca, Jenna, Anthony, and Ludwig—who was having afternoon tea—all who had gathered again,</p>
<p>“Mr. Fool has achieved an initial state of awakening. We will fulfill our promise.</p>
<p>“You’ve done very well this time, deserving the most generous reward. The result of our discussion is to do our utmost to help you advance one Sequence.”</p>
<p>Jenna nodded without hiding her desire. “Thank you.”</p>
<p>Lumian, Franca, and company had no objections and were quite anticipatory.</p>
<p>Madam Magician looked around and said, “Of course, this may need to wait a few days, because Mr. Fool’s initial awakening will inevitably cause many changes that need to be dealt with promptly. The other Major Arcana cards are already busy at present.</p>
<p>“Moreover, you also need some time to adjust, shake off the influence of the dream, and regain your perception of reality.”</p>
<p>At this point, Madam Magician looked at Lumian and asked as if to confirm, “Do you want to become a Demoness of Unaging or a War Bishop?”</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t hesitate. “Demoness of Unaging.”</p>
<p>Hearing Lumian’s answer, Franca suddenly remembered the Demoness card’s description of a Demoness of Unaging: Bizarrely difficult to kill, skilled at resurrection.</p>
<p><em>Skilled at resurrection… You really don’t want to wait even one more day, even if it’s just taking the first step…</em> Franca sighed inwardly.</p>
<p>At this moment, Lumian raised his right hand, palm facing the ceiling.</p>
<p>There, in addition to several dark red brands and a patch of pale skin, there was now a pitch-black “pinhole.”</p>
<p>He said to Madam Magician and his companions, “After using the Demoness card this time, with the magic mirror as a medium, invoking the great horror from the depths of the special mirror world to deal with the Mirror Person created by the Celestial Worthy, the residual aura of the Blood Emperor and the seal of the Underworld Daoist have changed a bit again.</p>
<p>“I can now use a War Bishop’s power that was previously bestowed to a limited extent through this ‘pinhole.’ There’s no need to advance again.”</p>
<p>Madam Magician nodded slightly and said, “In a few days, go to the treasury of the Blue Avenger. There might be items related to the Demoness of Unaging there. If not, we’ll ask Mr. Azik for help and go to the depths of the underworld again. There must be Demoness of Unaging Beyonder characteristics there.”</p>
<p>Lumian and Franca had no objections.</p>
<p>After Madam Magician left, Lumian, in his Demoness of Despair state, leaned back against the sofa and smiled at Franca and the others. “Now it’s time to sunbathe.”</p>
<p>Jenna was silent for a few seconds before saying, “I want, I want to go see the real Luo Shan.”</p>
<p>“Okay.” Franca nodded heavily in agreement.</p>
<p>“Alright.” Lumian had originally planned to go tomorrow.</p>
<hr />
<p>In the evening, Loen Kingdom, Tingen City, Red Moonlight Street.</p>
<p>Jenna, Franca, and Lumian sat in a roadside café, watching two figures, one big and one small, approaching from a distance.</p>
<p>The larger one was about thirty years old, with brown hair tied up in a high bun, wearing a thin gauze-brimmed hat. She wore a green long dress that was somewhat girlish but leaning towards maturity, with flowing ruffles at the sleeves and beautiful lace adorning the neckline.</p>
<p>She had a pretty face, holding a paper bag of white bread in one hand and holding the hand of a three or four-year-old girl who looked like a little princess with the other. This was Rozanne, a civilian staff member of the Nighthawks team of the Church of the Evernight Goddess.</p>
<p>Compared to the Luo Shan in the dream, she was noticeably older, and her demeanor was more stable, but her style of dress revealed that she still had a lively side hidden inside.</p>
<p>Jenna and Franca’s vision immediately blurred.</p>
<p>Lumian, in his female state, focused intently on Rozanne and her daughter as they passed by, chatting and laughing, becoming as still as a statue.</p>
<p>After Rozanne and her daughter passed the café, the three Demonesses’ gazes shifted, following the two figures from behind.</p>
<p>The golden-red glow of dusk fell upon Rozanne and her daughter, and the evening breeze carried their laughter and conversation to Jenna, Franca, and Lumian’s ears:</p>
<p>“Mommy, what’s a hero?”</p>
<p>“A hero is someone who protects others.”</p>
<p>“Why do others need protection?”</p>
<p>“Why protect others?”</p>
<p>“Why? Why?</p>
<p>“Mommy, why?”</p>
<hr />
<p>A few days later, Monday noon.</p>
<p>Lumian and the others met Madam Magician again.</p>
<p>The Major Arcana card holder sat down in the chair opposite the tea table and said to Lumian and Franca, “You’re both demigods now and have made great contributions. You’re qualified to draw a Major Arcana card.”</p>
<p>“Mr. Fool allowed it?” Lumian asked.</p>
<p>Madam Magician’s entire being exuded a sense of relaxation. “Yes, but as a team, you can only draw one Major Arcana card for now. Who will draw?”</p>
<p>Franca looked at Lumian, hesitated for a few seconds, and said, “You draw.”</p>
<p>She really wanted to see what she could draw and thought the identity of a Tarot Club Major Arcana card was very impressive. But thinking about having to take responsibility for a bunch of affairs as a Major Arcana card holder from now on, often having to brainstorm, she got a headache and decided to let Lumian take the lead first to see what it would be like.</p>
<p>“Are you willing to draw?” Madam Magician asked Lumian.</p>
<p>Lumian thought for a moment and said, “I’ll draw.”</p>
<p>Madam Magician said seriously, “After becoming a Major Arcana card holder, Two of Cups, Seven of Cups, and Four of Swords will all transfer under your jurisdiction.</p>
<p>“A Major Arcana card symbolizes not just you personally, but also the forces you represent.”</p>
<p>“I understand.” Lumian nodded slowly.</p>
<p>Only then did Madam Magician take out a deck of Tarot cards containing only Major Arcana cards and spread them out on the tea table. “You can draw now.”</p>
<p>“Won’t we draw a duplicate?” Franca asked curiously.</p>
<p>Madam Magician chuckled. “Spirituality will provide guidance.”</p>
<p>Lumian glanced at the Tarot cards on the tea table, extended his right hand, and casually took one, turning it over in front of him.</p>
<p>What met Franca and the others’ eyes was a large wreath of green plants intertwined and a woman standing inside the wreath.</p>
<p>The World card!</p>
<p>Franca and Jenna both looked at Lumian in his female state with slight astonishment.</p>
<p><em>He actually drew The World card?</em></p>
<p><em>Why?</em></p>
<p><em>Although Gehrman Sparrow now points to Mr. Fool, the legend of The World hasn’t disappeared yet!</em></p>
<p>Lumian didn’t speak, showing a thoughtful expression.</p>
<p>Madam Magician pondered for a few seconds before saying, “Draw again.”</p>
<p>Lumian nodded in agreement.</p>
<p>This time, he drew two cards and placed them on his left and right.</p>
<p>After staring at these two Tarot cards for a while, he suddenly smiled with his beautiful face.</p>
<p>“Left for male, right for female. I’ll take the one on the left.”</p>
<p>With that, he unhesitatingly turned over the Tarot card on his left.</p>
<p>On the card face was a king standing on a chariot, with two lions, one black and one white, pulling the chariot.</p>
<p>The Chariot card!</p>
<p>“Not bad.” Madam Magician stood up. “Welcome, The Chariot, um, Mr. Chariot.”</p>
<p>After Lumian responded, Franca curiously said, “Can I see what the card on the right is?”</p>
<p>“You may.” Madam Magician nodded to her.</p>
<p>Franca quickly turned it over and saw a woman wearing a crown sitting on a chair.</p>
<p>The Empress card.</p>
<p>“As expected…” Madam Magician sighed, then turned to Lumian and said, “Wait in your room at 3 pm today.”</p>
<hr />
<p>At 3 pm, in a bedroom of the luxurious villa.</p>
<p>Lumian, holding The Chariot card, sat in an armchair, patiently waiting.</p>
<p>Suddenly, chaotic and terrifying sounds rang in his ears, and a thin grayish-white fog appeared before his eyes.</p>
<p>Just a second or two later, he found himself by a bronze long table, with a vast and magnificent dome above, surrounded by tall and majestic stone pillars.</p>
<p>Lumian immediately saw Madam Justice, Madam Magician, Madam Judgment, Ma’am Hermit, and the lady from the temperance faction wearing a black court long dress and a small soft hat of the same color, sitting opposite him.</p>
<p>They all appeared blurry, but not too blurry.</p>
<p>Lumian also noticed that Mr. Hanged Man, Mr. Sun, Mr. Star, and Mr. Moon—whom he hadn’t met before but could deduce the identity of—were on the same side as him.</p>
<p>At this time, no one was seated at the head and foot of the bronze long table.</p>
<p>“This is Madam Temperance, and this is Mr. Chariot.” Madam Justice calmly introduced the obviously female Lumian as “mister.”</p>
<p>Just then, at the huge chair at the top of the bronze long table, a figure gradually took shape.</p>
<p>He was within the gray fog, his figure quite blurry, allowing Lumian and the others to only clearly see a silk top hat and a black long coat.</p>
<p>Looking at this both familiar and unfamiliar figure, Madam Justice took a breath, stood up, curtsied with a slight bent of her knees, saying,</p>
<p>“Good afternoon, Mr. Fool.”</p>
<p>(End of Volume 6: Dreamweaver)</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
