<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1065.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1057-the-key-point" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1057: The Key Point</h2>
<p>Lumian deliberately spoke very clearly to ensure no one would overlook it.</p>
<p>Moreover, he pointed out that this matter was dangerous, and he had experience in how to resolve it.</p>
<p>This way, if any of the present Warlocks had been infused with mystical knowledge about summoning White Papers and hadn’t yet undergone complete personality alteration, they would surely be alarmed, become fearful, and then either openly or secretly seek him out to discuss whether the problem truly existed and what solutions there might be.</p>
<p>Professor, who represented the Academy group’s Warlocks, thought for a moment and shook his head. “I’ve never been infused with knowledge in this area.”</p>
<p>After the other Warlocks gave similar answers, a man who had spoken little in the previous discussion suddenly said, “The weak ball that can telepathically connect with me, right?</p>
<p>“I received related knowledge.”</p>
<p>Lumian’s heart leaped with joy as he looked at this Academy group member who was also dressed as a warlock, remembering his codename: Condensed Matter.</p>
<p>“Yes,” Lumian nodded, glancing around before asking Condensed Matter, “May I ask you some questions in private? If you’re unsure about me, we can have Madame Hela present.”</p>
<p>Worried that he might already have hidden problems due to that mystical knowledge, Condensed Matter didn’t refuse Lumian’s invitation. “Okay.”</p>
<p>Soon, in a corner of the ancient palace, with Hela witnessing, Lumian questioned Condensed Matter, “Have you used those descriptions to summon the corresponding spirit world creature?”</p>
<p>“I have,” Condensed Matter couldn’t help asking, “Is there something wrong with that?”</p>
<p>Lumian’s brows furrowed slightly beneath his silver-white half mask, and instead of answering, he asked, “Can you sense anything special about me?”</p>
<p>He wanted to see if the other person could detect Omebella’s bloodline.</p>
<p>“Does being particularly charming count?” Condensed Matter answered honestly.</p>
<p>“It does,” Lumian smiled behind his silver-white half mask, “When did you first summon that spirit world creature?”</p>
<p>“Around June or July two years ago,” Condensed Matter recalled.</p>
<p><em>June or July two years ago… By then, Madame Pualis and the padre already had the child…</em> Lumian thought for a moment and asked,</p>
<p>“After being infused with this knowledge by the Hidden Sage, you didn’t try it immediately?”</p>
<p>Condensed Matter shook his head. “When I received the related knowledge, I was traveling—traveling with family; so I couldn’t try it. Later, I was infused with more knowledge and also traded for a grimoire, so I forgot about it until remembering much later.”</p>
<p>“I see…” Lumian’s tone suddenly carried a hint of sighing.</p>
<p>This wasn’t for Condensed Matter, but for Aurore.</p>
<p>He then said, “Can you describe what the contracted creature you summoned looks like?”</p>
<p>Condensed Matter described his contracted creature’s appearance in detail, which was almost identical to the White Paper Lumian had summoned.</p>
<p>“When you first summoned it, did it have slightly milky and pale yellow clear liquid inside its body? It might have disappeared later,” Lumian asked as if confirming something.</p>
<p>Condensed Matter thought carefully before saying, “No.”</p>
<p>“No…” Lumian sighed as if he had expected this.</p>
<p>He then said to Condensed Matter, “The one you summoned probably doesn’t have any problems.”</p>
<p>“That’s good, that’s good!” Condensed Matter turned his head with undisguised joy, glancing at Hela as if hoping this lady would endorse this assessment.</p>
<p>At this point, Lumian added, “But I can’t be completely certain yet. There are still a few questions I need you to answer. This might involve your privacy, but you don’t need to be too detailed—I just need to grasp the general situation.”</p>
<p>After hesitating for a few seconds, influenced by multiple factors including his desire for a definitive answer, the other party’s extraordinary charm, and Madame Hela’s presence as witness, Condensed Matter finally nodded and said, “Ask away.”</p>
<p>Lumian sincerely said, “Thank you.”</p>
<p>He then posed his question. “Which deity do you worship? If it’s not one of the orthodox gods, you don’t need to answer.”</p>
<p>Finding the question simpler and less awkward than imagined, Condensed Matter quickly answered, “Eternal Blazing Sun.”</p>
<p><em>Eternal Blazing Sun… Is this the common point? On the surface, they’re all casual believers of the Eternal Blazing Sun… But surely among the Warlocks in Trier like Professor and the others, there must be some who praise the sun daily to conceal their identity… Are they deliberately concealing it, not mentioning it? Also, Condensed Matter is male, Aurore is female, so gender clearly isn’t why the Hidden Sage targeted her…</em> Lumian was initially pleased but quickly sank into deep thought.</p>
<p>“How old were you when you transmigrated, and how old was the body after transmigration?” Lumian further asked.</p>
<p>“My last memory was lamenting that I was almost thirty and had achieved nothing,” Condensed Matter for a moment before saying. “When I occupied this body, he was just twenty-five.”</p>
<p><em>Different from Aurore’s body state before and after transmigration…</em> Lumian quickly considered which aspects he should look for common points.</p>
<p>While thinking, he casually asked, “Are the current body’s parents still alive?”</p>
<p>“They passed away long ago,” Condensed State answered concisely.</p>
<p>“Do you have children?” Lumian continued digging in this direction.</p>
<p>“Yes,” Condensed Matter clearly didn’t want to say more.</p>
<p><em>There really aren’t any common points with Aurore…</em> At this moment, Lumian recalled something Condensed Matter had said earlier and thought for two seconds before asking, “You said when you were infused with the corresponding knowledge, you were traveling with family—which family members?”</p>
<p>Condensed Matter still only spoke generally, “My wife, and my elder sister’s family.”</p>
<p>“Elder sister…” Lumian’s pupils suddenly dilated, as if he’d been struck by lightning.</p>
<p>Condensed Matter nodded slightly. “Yes, the sister who raised this body of mine.”</p>
<p>Lumian stared at Condensed Matter, falling completely silent.</p>
<p>He felt he had found that key point.</p>
<p>The key point beyond the three words “Warlock,” “transmigrator,” and “gray fog aura”: Sister and brother!</p>
<p>Elder sister and younger brother!</p>
<p>Lumian began silently talking to himself.</p>
<p>He kept repeating two names.</p>
<p><em>Omebella, Zedus…</em></p>
<p><em>Omebella, Zedus…</em></p>
<p>Suddenly, Lumian remembered something else from the past.</p>
<p>When Madam Magician mentioned the empty baby cradle, she used the word “lost.”</p>
<p>This meant that in the eyes of this Angel who had a relatively deep understanding of the Cordu Village incident, according to her spiritual intuition, the cradle was empty because the child was “lost,” which wasn’t exactly equivalent to death.</p>
<p>And the subsequent intelligence from Madame Pualis and everyone’s deductions indicated that baby Omebella had died early on, killed by her father, her direct relative the padre.</p>
<p>At the time, neither Lumian nor Madam Magician thought there was anything wrong with this—death was indeed a form of loss.</p>
<p>But now, Lumian had a new conjecture:</p>
<p><em>Could it be that Madame Pualis didn’t give birth to one child for the padre, but to twins, a sister and brother?</em></p>
<p><em>Then, one was killed, one mysteriously disappeared, achieving some purpose through the ritual of the Inevitability believers?</em></p>
<p><em>The killed baby Omebella has now returned to Madame Pualis’s embrace but can’t come to reality yet—what about the mysteriously lost child?</em></p>
<p>Thinking of this, Lumian suddenly smiled.</p>
<p>He felt this might have something to do with himself.</p>
<p>He began to suspect that his selection of the Abscessed Hand profile from such a large collection of spirit world creature materials, making it the first creature for a Contractee to sign with, wasn’t coincidental but stemmed from some mystical connection.</p>
<p>Similarly, when he first arrived in Trier, his choice of the market district and the Auberge du Coq Doré wasn’t just because that’s what the deity worshiped by the Aurora Order arranged, but perhaps also because of the Poison Spur Mob supported by the Nightstalkers there.</p>
<p>If this was true, then later meeting Father Montserrat and obtaining Omebella’s remaining umbilical cord was destined, an inevitable fate!</p>
<p>This also clarified why Madame Pualis had to find him specifically in the dream city!</p>
<p>Ignoring Condensed Matter’s surprised and confused gaze, Lumian half-closed his eyes and silently said to himself, <em>Hand Bro, I’ll bring Omebella’s remains to see you as soon as possible!</em></p>
<hr />
<p>Trier, fourth level of the catacombs.</p>
<p>Lumian held a lit white candle, accompanied by Jenna who also had yellowish light spreading from her hands, as they walked step by step toward the ancient tomb containing the Samaritan Women’s Spring.</p>
<p>Before going to Morora to help Jenna advance to Demoness of Despair, he wanted Jenna to meet with Krismona’s shadow to see what changes might occur or what hints they might receive.</p>
<p>“Can’t Franca come here anymore?” Jenna asked curiously.</p>
<p>Lumian nodded. “After obtaining godhood, one should visit Trier’s underground—especially places like this—as little as possible. Unless absolutely necessary, it’s best not to come.”</p>
<p>“Aren’t you a demigod too?” Jenna asked, both amused and concerned.</p>
<p>Lumian chuckled. “It’s different.</p>
<p>“For me, entering the catacombs feels as comfortable as returning home.</p>
<p>“If I weren’t worried about making others nervous, I wouldn’t even need to light a candle.”</p>
<p>He raised his right hand, exposing his palm with its pale skin, dark red marks, and black pinhole to the cold air and candlelit dimness.</p>
<p>Then he blew out the candle in his hand, suddenly enveloped by darkness with only Jenna’s candlelight revealing his silhouette.</p>
<p>“Don’t take risks!” Jenna was startled.</p>
<p>Lumian obligingly relit the candle with a smile.</p>
<p>“I was right, wasn’t I?”</p>
<p>“You scared me to death!” Jenna glared at Lumian.</p>
<p>As they talked, they finally reached the ancient tomb chamber.</p>
<p>Lumian looked at the tomb door for two seconds and sighed.</p>
<p>“Too bad we didn’t encounter Krismona’s shadow on the way.</p>
<p>“I feel she’s more friendly outside the Samaritan Women’s Spring, while inside she tends to be more…”</p>
<p>Lumian paused, then said in a low voice, “Evil.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
