<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1035.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1028-the-medium" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1028: The Medium</h2>
<p>“Be careful of Zhou Mingrui!”</p>
<p>An Xiaotian’s voice echoed through the hospital room, drowning out the alarms from the monitoring equipment.</p>
<p><em>Wh—</em> As Anthony struggled to hide his shock and surprise, thunder rumbled outside.</p>
<p>The sky over the entire dream city suddenly turned gray, as if the brilliant sunlight had been cut off by a layer of clouds.</p>
<p>In Anthony’s vision, An Xiaotian’s figure suddenly became blurry, sometimes expanding, sometimes contracting, like a hazy, confusing dream.</p>
<p>The next second, Anthony and Ludwig felt the dream’s strong rejection, sensing their rapid transformation into marionettes.</p>
<hr />
<p>Inside Yangdu High-Speed Rail Station.</p>
<p>Luo Shan quickly caught up with Zhou Mingrui and Zhou Sasa, intercepting them before they turned onto the road leading to the parking lot.</p>
<p>“Zhou Mingrui!” Luo Shan called out.</p>
<p>Zhou Mingrui, who had already put the silver pocket watch in his trouser pocket, turned around and looked at the rapidly approaching Luo Shan with confusion. “Why are you here?”</p>
<p><em>Weren’t you just at work in the office, slacking off and chatting with me?</em></p>
<p>Zhou Sasa looked at Luo Shan, then at her brother, and smartly kept her mouth shut, saying nothing.</p>
<p>Luo Shan stopped within arm’s reach of Zhou Mingrui and said urgently, “There’s something important I need to tell you.”</p>
<p>What could be so important that it couldn’t be said over WeChat or phone, and you had to rush here to tell me in person? Zhou Mingrui remembered Luo Shan’s previous warnings and looked at his colleague quizzically, waiting for her to continue.</p>
<p>On her way over, Luo Shan had already decided that today’s strategy would be “honesty.” She said with a serious expression,</p>
<p>“There’s an item you shouldn’t touch right now. I’m here to keep it safe for you.”</p>
<p>Taking advantage of Zhou Mingrui’s confused thinking, she suddenly reached out with her hand, using the ultimate speed of a Reporter.</p>
<p>Zhou Mingrui couldn’t dodge in time and Luo Shan “forcefully snatched” the silver pocket watch with vine and leaf patterns from his trouser pocket.</p>
<p>“This is it!” Luo Shan quickly explained.</p>
<p>Zhou Mingrui, who instinctively wanted to grab it back, suddenly froze, looking at the pocket watch and muttering in disbelief,</p>
<p>“This?”</p>
<p><em>What could be wrong with it?</em></p>
<p>This change also left the observing Zhou Sasa confused and bewildered. She blurted out, “Mingrui, what’s going on?”</p>
<p><em>What are you two talking about?</em></p>
<p><em>Are the two of you flirting?</em></p>
<p>Zhou Mingrui didn’t answer Zhou Sasa’s question, focusing his gaze on Luo Shan.</p>
<p>Luo Shan didn’t bother to conceal anything and couldn’t think of how to hint at it, so she directly raised the silver pocket watch.</p>
<p>“This will bring you danger!</p>
<p>“Think carefully, isn’t it a bit different from before?”</p>
<p>Although Luo Shan wasn’t clear on what exactly was wrong with the pocket watch in her hand, from Jian Na and Li Ming’s conversation, she knew the watch was linked to some special mirror world fragment.</p>
<p>In other words, the watch was different from before—if there had been an anomaly in the past, Zhou Mingrui would have had problems long ago!</p>
<p>Zhou Mingrui suddenly fell into thought, frowning slightly.</p>
<p><em>Indeed, the watch’s glass face seemed to have been replaced…</em></p>
<p><em>Who would normally use black glass for a watch face, even if it was transparent…</em></p>
<p>Beside them, Zhou Sasa grumbled, “I’ve repaired it, of course it’s a bit different from before.”</p>
<p>Zhou Mingrui thought for a few seconds, then cautiously said to Luo Shan, “Alright, you keep it safe for me for a few days.”</p>
<p>Although this watch held great sentimental value for him, no object, no matter how important, could compare to real safety. Even if it was lost because of this, he would only feel heartache and regret, but not remorse.</p>
<p><em>How understanding, just like usual… And I haven’t had any problems yet!</em> Luo Shan felt both relieved and grateful as she sighed to herself.</p>
<p>She quickly gave Zhou Mingrui a meaningful look. “I’ll make a move first.”</p>
<p>After getting Zhou Mingrui’s permission, she turned and walked towards where Jian Na and Li Ming were.</p>
<p>She suppressed the explosive joy in her heart, not showing it for the moment.</p>
<p><em>I succeeded!</em></p>
<p><em>I did it!</em></p>
<p><em>I completed an important task at the risk of my life!</em></p>
<p>As Luo Shan’s steps became increasingly light, she suddenly felt her body become weightless.</p>
<p>Her throat began to tighten, as if a rope was wrapped around it.</p>
<p>Her breathing quickly became labored, and her knees and elbows felt as if they were filled with thick glue.</p>
<p><em>Still… something went wrong…</em></p>
<p><em>Will I… be strangled… to death… like this… in public?</em></p>
<p>In this state, Luo Shan heard the rumbling thunder.</p>
<p>She found her surroundings had become quite dark and extremely oppressive, with the passing pedestrians all appearing blurry and distorted.</p>
<p><em>This… really is… a dream…</em> Luo Shan suddenly had this realization, a realization tinged with sorrow and sighing.</p>
<p>At this moment, she saw Jian Na.</p>
<p>Jian Na was still clear.</p>
<p>Then, Luo Shan clearly saw the anxious and worried expression on Jian Na’s face.</p>
<p>She once again felt that her life was still real, still meaningful.</p>
<p>She managed to give Jenna another smile, with difficulty.</p>
<p>Her body also gradually became blurry, like those background characters seen hazily in a dream.</p>
<p><em>Rumble!</em></p>
<p>Amid the rolling thunder, Zhou Mingrui also noticed the blurring and distortion of the people around him, and the darkness and unreality of the entire high-speed rail station.</p>
<p>The only light came from the side and behind him and Zhou Sasa, from the passage leading to the parking lot.</p>
<p>Clear radiance gathered there, as if forming a huge door.</p>
<p>Zhou Mingrui instinctively grabbed Zhou Sasa’s forearm, no longer caring about the luggage, and ran wildly towards that door of light.</p>
<p>After running a few steps, he felt Zhou Sasa stop, becoming heavy, making it impossible for him to drag her forward.</p>
<p><em>Has Sasa also been affected by the anomaly?</em> Zhou Mingrui turned his head concernedly to look at his sister.</p>
<p>In his eyes, Zhou Sasa had somehow already become transparent, thin, like a mirror and the reflection of a person in a mirror.</p>
<p>Zhou Sasa’s black dress had half-merged with the “mirror,” making the surface appear dark.</p>
<p>Zhou Mingrui saw himself in the dark mirror.</p>
<p>Short black hair, deep brown eyes, non-prescription glasses, soft contours and a somewhat handsome appearance…</p>
<p>As Zhou Mingrui clearly saw the image in the mirror, the him in the mirror suddenly curled his lips, revealing an eerie and chilling smile.</p>
<p>The Zhou Mingrui in the mirror began to overlap with Zhou Sasa, who had regressed to a pure female form.</p>
<p><em>Wh—</em> Zhou Mingrui instinctively took two steps back.</p>
<p>Just then, he heard a “bang” of a gunshot.</p>
<p>A bullet tinged with a dull green color shot out from somewhere, hitting the mirror that Zhou Sasa had become, hitting the reflected image of Zhou Mingrui in the mirror.</p>
<p>Certain Death!</p>
<p>Franca had lent the Inevitable Gun to Jenna.</p>
<p><em>Crack!</em></p>
<p>That mirror quickly shattered, falling to the ground like a rainstorm.</p>
<p>All of its fragments lost their luster, no longer reflecting anything.</p>
<p>Zhou Mingrui instinctively turned sideways and saw Jenna, holding a brass-colored revolver, with delicate features, not at all blurry or distorted.</p>
<p>He didn’t recognize this beautiful young woman.</p>
<p>Jenna nodded slightly to Zhou Mingrui, trying her best to show her goodwill.</p>
<p>When Zhou Mingrui witnessed his mirror self revealing that chilling smile, he had already judged this to be an enemy, someone harboring malice towards him.</p>
<p>This led to a series of thoughts:</p>
<p><em>They’ve used Sasa!</em></p>
<p><em>I must find out what has happened to the real Sasa!</em></p>
<p>Based on this judgment, Zhou Mingrui held no ill will towards Jenna, who had shattered the mirror and his mirror self, believing she was sent by friendly forces to stop this.</p>
<p>Seeing Zhou Mingrui return a friendly nod, Jenna hadn’t had time to feel joy, hadn’t had time to think about how to save Luo Shan, when she suddenly felt the dream strongly rejecting her, felt her thoughts becoming sluggish, felt two kinds of pain attacking simultaneously.</p>
<p>She was being kicked out of the dream, she was being rapidly turned into a marionette.</p>
<p>Just as Zhou Mingrui was about to ask the woman opposite what to do next, he saw her face contort, seeming to be in great pain.</p>
<p><em>Has she been attacked? An invisible attack?</em> Zhou Mingrui hurriedly looked around, searching for potential enemies.</p>
<p>He then saw that the pillars and screens throughout the high-speed rail station had become illusory, either elongated or widened, becoming dark mirrors.</p>
<p>All these mirrors reflected Zhou Mingrui’s searching figure, but without exception, the Zhou Mingrui in the mirrors all wore cold, chilling smiles.</p>
<p>“They” suddenly stopped, all turning to look at Jenna, their voices overlapping as they laughed.</p>
<p>“It’s too late!</p>
<p>“Zhou Sasa is the medium, the medium pointing to that mirror world!”</p>
<p>Jenna, who was fighting against the dream’s rejecting force and rapid marionettization, suddenly froze.</p>
<p><em>Too late?</em></p>
<p><em>Has the Zhou Mingrui in the mirror already been born?</em></p>
<p><em>Is the Celestial Worthy about to use this?</em></p>
<p>On one side of the high-speed rail station that had transformed into a mirror world, Lumian, who had never formally appeared, unhurriedly took out the magic mirror Arrodes.</p>
<p>In a rich timbre, he intoned, “The second question.”</p>
<p>On the surface of the mirror, pale words quickly appeared: “Ask quickly!”</p>
<p>Arrodes didn’t repeat its rules, because this was the second question, not the first.</p>
<p>Lumian curled his lips slightly and said, “Are you a weapon, or a medium?”</p>
<p>On the dark mirror surface shimmering with water, the pale words writhed and changed, forming new content: “Medium!”</p>
<p>Then, the magic mirror Arodes posed its own question: “How do you want to use me?”</p>
<p>“Certainly not as a brick to throw at someone.” Lumian laughed.</p>
<hr />
<p>At Four-Way Street, in the Jinxiu Dongfang Community, inside the Mute Art Studio.</p>
<p>Anderson Hood sat in front of his easel, bored, yawning.</p>
<p>At this moment, he heard the rumbling thunder and felt the light suddenly dim, the environment becoming extremely oppressive.</p>
<p>Anderson stood up and walked to the window, finding that the pedestrians below had all become blurry masses.</p>
<p>He smiled and looked up at the sky, saying, “My task is about to be completed.”</p>
<p>As he spoke, he raised his right hand and snapped his fingers with a loud crack.</p>
<p><em>Boom!</em></p>
<p>A violent explosion occurred deep within the building, with flames rising from various places.</p>
<p>In an instant, the newly renovated but uninhabited “motel” was engulfed by raging red flames.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
