<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1029.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1022-preparations-in-full-swing" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1022: Preparations in Full Swing</h2>
<p>“Yes, there’s been an issue at home,” Franca first answered Zhou Mingrui’s question, then had a quick idea and hurriedly said, “I’m going to find Luo Shan. Once I’ve dealt with the family issue, I’ll treat you all to a meal and we can have a good chat.”</p>
<p>She emphasized the words “good chat.”</p>
<p>Zhou Mingrui looked at Luo Fu for a few seconds, as if weighing his options.</p>
<p>Finally, he nodded and said, “Alright, we’ll talk another day.”</p>
<p>He could tell that Luo Fu didn’t want to say much right now, and seemed to be afraid of something unknown.</p>
<p>Franca quietly let out a sigh of relief and waved sincerely. “See you again!”</p>
<p>After turning around, she muttered silently with relief, <em>Thankfully Zhou Mingrui isn’t one of those “stubborn” types people in Yangdu talk about. He can read others’ expressions and listen to what they’re saying!</em></p>
<p><em>†</em></p>
<p>Hall Film Company, Talent Department.</p>
<p>During a break in her physical training class, Jenna walked out of the classroom and turned towards the public restrooms.</p>
<p>On the way, she encountered Jiang Yue, who was responsible for her and the other new talents.</p>
<p>Seeing Jiang Yue busy there, she asked curiously, “What are you busy with?”</p>
<p>“The summer season is ending, ‘The Great Pirate 3’ is about to finish its run. We need to prepare for the celebration party, subsequent development, and a series of other things,” Jiang Yue looked up and saw it was Jenna, her attitude fairly friendly.</p>
<p><em>The Great Pirate 3 is about to finish its run?</em> Jenna was stunned for a moment.</p>
<p>Based on the common knowledge she had learned since entering the dream city, she thought this was a very normal thing, but it also felt ill-timed.</p>
<p>When Lumian returns to the dream, they were planning to try letting Ludwig eat that dried mushroom to see if he could gain special healing abilities to awaken the vegetative An Xiaotian. And An Xiaotian was related to the Gehrman Sparrow direction they were pursuing.</p>
<p>At this crucial stage, ‘The Great Pirate 3’, which further shaped Gehrman Sparrow’s character and gave him widespread exposure, was about to completely end its run?</p>
<p>Did this hide some kind of symbolism?</p>
<p>Jenna chose her words carefully and asked casually, “Is the stage play for The Great Pirate 3 about to be officially scheduled?”</p>
<p>“Yes, you might be able to try your luck then. Who knows, you might get an important role,” Jiang Yue hinted to Jenna.</p>
<hr />
<p>In a spacious, bright, modern-styled apartment.</p>
<p>Bernadette had just entered when she saw Lumina reclining on the bay window, leaning against a pillow, basking in sunlight, leisurely reading a book in her hands.</p>
<p>“What are you reading?” Bernadette walked over and asked casually.</p>
<p>“A romance novel, one of those melodramatic ones.” Lumina closed the book, looking a bit embarrassed.</p>
<p>She tried to explain, “I might be put in prison later. I’ve checked, most of the books there are for learning. I should read some leisure books while I still can!”</p>
<p>Bernadette looked out the window.</p>
<p>“You probably won’t be sentenced. You really didn’t do what they’re accusing you of.</p>
<p>“Why don’t you go out for some activity? It’s windy today, not too hot.”</p>
<p>“I went jogging in the community this morning,” Lumina jumped down from the bay window, smiling as she flexed her arm, showing off her not-so-obvious biceps. “I love exercising.”</p>
<p>At this point, she suddenly became a bit emotional.</p>
<p>“My mom has always been in poor health, and so was I when I was little. Maybe it’s hereditary. So, they always didn’t let me do intense exercise, didn’t let me run around and play rough with my classmates…</p>
<p>“Later, when I became an adult, I rebelled. I often went running, cycling, playing badminton, and so on without telling them. And nothing bad happened!”</p>
<p>“When you grow up, you can do what you want.” Queen Mystic seemed to feel something too.</p>
<p>Lumina’s gaze gradually became unfocused, her eyes reflecting the brilliant sunlight outside the window.</p>
<p>“But now, I want them to restrict me again…”</p>
<p>Bernadette fell silent as well.</p>
<p>By the afternoon, Lumian had returned to the dream city.</p>
<p>The first thing he did was not to look at Queen Mystic Bernadette sitting on the single sofa to the side, but to check his own condition.</p>
<p>Queen Mystic calmly said, “After being kicked out of the dream twice, there will be several major restrictions when you come back in:</p>
<p>“First, you can’t display Beyonder powers or obvious hostility in front of other dream manifestations, especially the Celestial Worthy’s subordinates. That will also lead to you being kicked out;</p>
<p>“Second, some hints that wouldn’t have gotten you kicked out before will now attract the Celestial Worthy’s attention;</p>
<p>“Third, you being kicked out will implicate the outsiders around you.”</p>
<p>Lumian already knew about these restrictions from the information provided by the Major Arcana card holders. He chuckled. “Quite troublesome.”</p>
<p>Queen Mystic nodded slightly. “I’ve transferred that 500,000 to your bank card. We’ll take action this afternoon. We can’t wait until dark.”</p>
<p>“Alright,” Lumian stood up, “I’ll go rent an item first.”</p>
<hr />
<p>Star Dream Provisions Store.</p>
<p>Lumian, in his Demoness of Despair state, walked to the checkout counter and politely said to the shopkeeper.</p>
<p>“I’d like to rent an item.”</p>
<p>“Which one?” the shopkeeper raised her head and asked as the sky suddenly darkened.</p>
<p>Lumian thought for two seconds, and instead of answering, he asked, “Do you have any recommendations?”</p>
<p>He wanted to test if the shopkeeper of Star Dream Provisions Store would give any hints.</p>
<p>“That depends on your own needs,” the beautiful shopkeeper answered with a smile.</p>
<p>No hints possible? Lumian looked towards the shelves, his gaze slowly scanning over mystical items like the magic mirror Arrodes, the brass book, the quill pen, and others.</p>
<p>In less than a minute, he made up his mind.</p>
<p>“I’ll rent that mirror again.”</p>
<p>If it was purely for dealing with and constraining the mirrored Emperor Roselle, he would have chosen that brass book based on the brief description from the Major Arcana card holders. But tomorrow he still wanted to try weakening the Celestial Worthy and awakening Mr. Fool.</p>
<p>And that magic mirror’s creation was related to the original God Almighty, having its own hidden aspects. Moreover, it was the only Sealed Artifact Mr. Fool carried with him, likely to play an important role in weakening the Celestial Worthy and awakening Mr. Fool!</p>
<p>Its history and the treatment it received were incomparable to other items!</p>
<p>The shopkeeper’s smile remained the same as before. “Alright, how many days do you want to rent it for?”</p>
<p>“One day,” Lumian answered without hesitation.</p>
<p>He had enough cash on hand to rent the magic mirror Arrodes for two days, but considering that his guesses, ideas, and action plans might not be necessarily correct, and the final result might not be as he expected, and after today, Queen Mystic would likely be completely kicked out of the dream, making it difficult for the team to encounter such a generous “patron” again, he deliberately left some money for Franca, Jenna, and Anthony.</p>
<p>This way, even if tomorrow’s operation failed, causing him to be kicked out of the dream for the third time, the remaining people would still have money to continue making new attempts.</p>
<p>The shopkeeper didn’t say anything, took out a POS machine, let Lumian swipe his card, and sign the contract.</p>
<p>After walking out of Star Dream Provisions Store with the magic mirror Arodes, Lumian’s phone suddenly rang.</p>
<p>It was an unfamiliar number.</p>
<p>After using the Information Shredder to delete his contacts, all numbers were unfamiliar to him.</p>
<p>Lumian chose to answer and heard an annoyed voice from the other end.</p>
<p>“Why didn’t you come for the night shift last night?</p>
<p>“Don’t you know to apply for leave in advance? This is called absenteeism!”</p>
<p><em>So it’s a call from the Intis Group…</em> Lumian quickly switched to a male voice.</p>
<p>“I quit!</p>
<p>“Do whatever you want!”</p>
<p>The person on the other end was speechless for a moment, then after a few seconds said, “You don’t want your last month’s salary?”</p>
<p>“Donate it to those in need, thank you!” Lumian hung up the phone with a bang.</p>
<p>He then got into Miss Huang’s car parked by the roadside.</p>
<p>Queen Mystic said while driving, “Later I’ll be responsible for clinging on to her, getting kicked out of the dream together. You just need to hide in the shadows, guarding against her leaving the corresponding area in advance.”</p>
<p>For this operation, except for Jenna who couldn’t get away from Hall Film Company, Lumian, Franca, Anthony, and Ludwig would all participate.</p>
<p>Among them, Lumian would play the role that Queen Mystic had when dealing with Zarathushtra, not directly appearing but interfering and exerting influence from the shadows. Franca would decide whether to confront directly based on the specific situation, with Anthony assisting her.</p>
<p>If they could bring some despair to the mirrored Emperor Roselle, it would greatly help Franca digest the Despair potion.</p>
<p>“Do I need to ask the magic mirror some questions?” Lumian cautiously confirmed.</p>
<p>He felt that the core of Queen Mystic’s plan was to use the rule that “the third kick-out will implicate surrounding outsiders”.</p>
<p>“No need, I already know everything I need to know,” Queen Mystic then told Lumian the relevant information.</p>
<p>She finally warned, “You can’t hide behind mirrors later. She has much stronger control over the world in the mirror than you do.”</p>
<p>“Understood,” Lumian had confirmed this point when monitoring Zarathushtra.</p>
<p>In the time that followed, he didn’t act humble or polite, but discussed the specific details of the plan with Queen Mystic and proposed some modifications.</p>
<hr />
<p>In a palace-like villa.</p>
<p>After asking the butler, Bernadette took the elevator to the fourth floor and walked towards her father’s study.</p>
<p>The CEO, Mr. Huang Tao, had gone to the company for a while in the morning and returned home at noon.</p>
<p>Arriving outside the study, Bernadette habitually raised her right hand and knocked on the door.</p>
<p>When she was young, she was spoiled at home and would open any door she wanted without ever asking if the person inside agreed to her entering. But after accidentally witnessing a few things she shouldn’t have seen, she learned to knock.</p>
<p>“Come in.” Huang Tao’s voice came from inside the study.</p>
<p>Bernadette turned the handle and walked into the sunlit study, seeing her father standing by the window, gazing at something unknown.</p>
<p>This suddenly gave her a feeling of returning to the past.</p>
<p>Back then, she didn’t understand why her father always gazed out of the west-facing floor-to-ceiling window, sometimes even holding her as a child while doing so.</p>
<p>“Dad…” Bernadette instinctively called out.</p>
<p>Huang Tao turned around, revealing a smile. “You came at just the right time.”</p>
<p>“Why do you say that?” Bernadette immediately raised her guard.</p>
<p>Huang Tao smiled and said, “I’m going to leave this place.”</p>
<p>“…” Bernadette frowned, “What do you mean?”</p>
<p>Huang Tao sighed with a smile. “How could I let my princess be in a difficult position?”</p>
<p><em>Wh—</em> Bernadette understood her father’s meaning and was a bit stunned.</p>
<p>Huang Tao looked at Bernadette for a couple of seconds, then smiled with both satisfaction and emotion.</p>
<p>“I’m very glad that you hesitated for several days.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
