<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1044.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1036-wedding-dress" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1036: Wedding Dress</h2>
<p>Glancing at the dark, bottomless end of the staircase, Lumian took out a mirror and activated the contract ability on his body.</p>
<p>He immediately sensed the imprint on the full-length mirror in the Tudor treasury, ready to dive into the mirror and traverse through at any moment.</p>
<p>Maintaining this sense, Lumian reminded Franca and Jenna, “Walk close to the sides later—very close.”</p>
<p>From his experience, walking down the stairs this way would bring them into the reflection range of that full-length mirror.</p>
<p>For Beyonders of other pathways, they only needed to guard against being affected by the resulting illusions, scaring themselves crazy or to death. But if Hunters and Demonesses let their shadows be reflected on that full-length mirror, they might have their bodies snatched by the long-fallen Alista Tudor through pre-arranged setups, allowing Him to resurrect and return.</p>
<p>Lumian thought that given Alista Tudor’s level of madness, He probably wouldn’t care whether it was a Blood Emperor or a Blood Empress who returned, so the Demonesses should also be careful.</p>
<p>“Okay.” Franca and Jenna had long ago heard Lumian explain what dangers were in the Tudor treasury.</p>
<p>Even if they didn’t know, in the current situation, they would heed the advice first and find an opportunity to ask why later.</p>
<p>Lumian maintained the activation of the mirror imprint and let the residual aura of the Blood Emperor on his right palm intensify from faint to strong, covering it with pallor.</p>
<p>He hadn’t yet started descending the stairs step by step when he suddenly heard Madam Magician’s voice. “I’ve located your mirror imprint.”</p>
<p>Along with the voice’s response, points of dazzling starlight lit up, enveloping Lumian and the others.</p>
<p>When vision was restored, Franca found herself in a corridor that seemed to be formed of condensed starlight.</p>
<p>On both sides of this corridor were star-bright doors standing in the darkness. The bottom was semi-transparent, revealing endless darkness, while above there was no dome, with illusory stars dotting the distant heights.</p>
<p>At the end of this deep and spacious corridor sat a silver full-length mirror with a classic design and intricate patterns around its frame.</p>
<p>Almost simultaneously, Franca and Jenna noticed Madam Magician raise her right hand and gently grasp towards the front.</p>
<p>Around that silver full-length mirror, space suddenly bent, forming a sealed sphere in the state of deep shadows, blocking all light from entering.</p>
<p>Lumian and the others could no longer see that silver full-length mirror, and that mirror could no longer reflect them.</p>
<p>“This way we can be a bit freer,” Madam Magician said with a smile.</p>
<p>Wearing a black robe with silver patterns, she turned to Lumian, Franca, and Jenna and said, “You can choose the treasure rooms now. I’ll handle the dangers inside.”</p>
<p>Franca and Jenna instantly looked towards Lumian, waiting for him to demonstrate for the two of them.</p>
<p>Lumian looked left and right, slowly moving forward along the deep and spacious corridor while casually saying,</p>
<p>“In the area above the gray fog, when I mentioned Madame Pualis and Omebella, I also talked about a concern.”</p>
<p>“What concern?” Franca asked cooperatively.</p>
<p>She and Jenna could both roughly guess that Lumian wanted to use casual chat to distract his own mind, choosing treasure rooms purely based on spiritual intuition and the characteristics, auras, and corruption on his body.</p>
<p>Lumian, in his Demoness of Despair state with black hair cascading, glanced at Madam Magician and Mr. Hanged Man and said, “At the end of the awakening operation, there were two things I couldn’t understand:</p>
<p>“First, why was there no movement from the Primordial Demoness, and second, why didn’t the Great Mother side try to stop it, even though She had made many arrangements in the dream city.</p>
<p>“The lack of interference from other existences was expected. The Celestial Worthy wouldn’t wait until they were ready and could effectively interfere with the internal situation of the dream before letting Zhou Sasa come. If that happened, what might be suppressed could be His hope for success. Moreover, Anderson’s side would burn down the Colorful Hostel and the Mute Art Studio, not giving the deity worshiped by the Fantasy Association a chance to intervene, and there was also true god suppression at Mushu Hospital.</p>
<p>“But the Great Mother had sent Madame Pualis with baby Omebella to be the dean of Mushu Hospital. How did they not create even a ripple?</p>
<p>“Her forces in the dream city are not limited to Mushu Hospital. Whether it’s Grimm who was originally active outside the hospital, or Lu Yong’an who can freely enter and exit the hospital, they could effectively avoid the true gods’ suppression of Mushu Hospital and do something.”</p>
<p>“Maybe Peng Deng, Grisha, and Amon’s side, who didn’t appear in the final stage, were blocking them?” Jenna speculated.</p>
<p>“That’s one possibility,” Madam Magician began to give her speech at the Tarot Club. “But I have a bad feeling that perhaps the Great Mother has already achieved Her goal, in a way that’s in our cognitive blind spot.”</p>
<p>“My experience is also that abnormal calmness is always problematic,” Mr. Hanged Man followed up with emphasis.</p>
<p>Franca took a breath and turned her gaze to Lumian.</p>
<p>Lumian understood her meaning and smiled, saying, “The only revelation Mr. Fool gave about matters related to the Great Mother was: become a Demoness of Unaging, borrow the Gift of the Land, face the Abscessed Hand.”</p>
<p>After saying this, Lumian suddenly had a spiritual perception. He turned to the right and pushed open a semi-transparent large door condensed from starlight.</p>
<p>The light behind the door was dim, with no attack appearing.</p>
<p>Lumian waited for two seconds before passing through the door and entering the room.</p>
<p>What met his eyes was a black coffin.</p>
<p>This coffin was different from the rectangular coffins Trier used daily, with obvious curves, one end larger and one end smaller, its surface carved with many bird and tree patterns.</p>
<p>“Eh…” Franca’s head peeked out from Lumian’s shoulder position, “Isn’t this a Western Continent style coffin? Where did the Blood Emperor get it from?”</p>
<p>She already knew that the Western Continent had evolved from her pre-transmigration country over thousands or tens of thousands of years or even longer.</p>
<p>And judging from the fact that she could barely understand the language of Armored Shadow Chen Tu and its attire, Franca felt that the civilization of the Western Continent might not have experienced a break in continuity like the Southern and Northern Continents, still maintaining a certain continuity. The coffin style before her eyes seemed to be another piece of evidence.</p>
<p>As for why, in a situation where civilization had not been interrupted, the language and style of the Western Continent had “regressed” to what she remembered as “ancient”, she couldn’t think of a reason for the time being.</p>
<p>All the known transmigrators were in the Southern and Northern Continents and the former Eastern Continent!</p>
<p><em>No, Queen Mystic had said that the Ancient Sun God was not the kind of “cocoon person” like us, and there was another transmigrator who hasn’t revealed their identity…</em> As Franca’s thoughts gradually diverged, Lumian and Madam Magician had already walked to the front of that Western Continent style black coffin, with the latter causing the lid to slide to one side on its own, falling onto the semi-transparent ground.</p>
<p>Franca looked over and saw a beautiful face with tightly closed eyes, pale and cold, saw a gorgeous phoenix crown and rosy clouds cape, and saw bright red.</p>
<p>“Chinese wedding dress… bride’s corpse… Dammit, what the hell is the Blood Emperor up to?” Franca blurted out.</p>
<p>Before her words fell, that black coffin with patterns of pine, cypress, and cranes began to shake violently.</p>
<p>A pale, delicate hand with long, gray nails that were sharp and cold silently pressed on the edge of the coffin.</p>
<p>With this action, Franca and Jenna’s lips suddenly became dry, as if they were being roasted.</p>
<p>Outside the treasury, the Blue Avenger sailing through fierce winds and huge waves suddenly plunged downward.</p>
<p>The wind stopped, the waves calmed, and water vapor rose from the azure sea, evaporating rapidly.</p>
<p>On the surface of the Blue Avenger, the deck began to crack at a visible speed. Even though the consciousness of this ghost ship was constantly trying to repair it, it couldn’t stop the trend from deepening.</p>
<p>Inside the Tudor treasury, in the corresponding room.</p>
<p>Before Madam Magician could deliver a barrage of attacks on the female corpse in the coffin, Lumian stretched out his right palm.</p>
<p>His palm was darkly red and mottled, covered with pallor, a deep black “pinhole” emitting an indescribable aura.</p>
<p>The female corpse wearing what Franca called a bright red wedding dress and a golden phoenix crown stopped shaking, no longer giving the feeling that it might crawl up at any moment. That delicate but pale hand slowly slid down, returning to the side of the corpse.</p>
<p>All the abnormalities disappeared with it.</p>
<p>“The power of a Demoness of Catastrophe,” Madam Magician said after a few seconds of looking with eyes as brilliant as the starry sky, “And, the power of an Undying… Can the boons of these two pathways be put together?”</p>
<p>As she spoke, both she and Mr. Hanged Man looked towards Lumian.</p>
<p>Lumian looked at the dark “pinhole” in his palm, musing to himself, “Maybe they can…”</p>
<p>This thing seemed to be a fusion of the residual aura of the Blood Emperor, the boon of a War Bishop, the seal of the Underworld Daoist, and the grade and knowledge of the Demoness card.</p>
<p>If such a hodgepodge could be put together, the separately picked out powers of the Demoness and Death pathways should be able to as well.</p>
<p>Madam Magician and Mr. Hanged Man fell into deep thought, while Franca associated the terms “Demoness of Catastrophe” and “Undying” with the state and recent behavior of the female corpse.</p>
<p>She said in astonishment, “This, this couldn’t be a drought demon, could it?</p>
<p>“Did the Blood Emperor bring a drought demon to the Northern Continent?</p>
<p>“How did He manage that?”</p>
<p><em>Isn’t it said that the Western Continent was sealed by the power of the Celestial Worthy, and that the barrier can only be opened for free entry and exit after Mr. Fool truly gains the upper hand?</em></p>
<p><em>Before that, shouldn’t only some secret deed rituals be possible?</em></p>
<p><em>Even if the Blood Emperor really opened a passage before His death, attempting to drag down all the gods with Him, that passage was sealed in Fourth Epoch Trier, right? The Blood Emperor shouldn’t have had time to send this drought demon to the Blue Avenger…</em></p>
<p>Hearing Franca’s words, Madam Magician turned to the side and began to explain, “The power doesn’t come from Beyonder characteristics, it might originate from the Western Continent or somewhere else, but the person is from the Northern Continent.”</p>
<p>“Uh…” Franca looked carefully and found that the hair of the female corpse in the coffin was pale yellow, and her facial features were quite pronounced.</p>
<p>“An artificial drought demon?” Franca said with some understanding, “The Blood Emperor made a secret deed for some strange knowledge, and this is the product of an experiment? The phoenix crown, rosy clouds cape, and coffin are part of the knowledge, part of the ritual?”</p>
<p>Lumian nodded slightly, looking at the female corpse and said, “If we let her wake up, can we help her regain her sanity?”</p>
<p>Madam Magician slowly shook her head. “‘She’ was probably born a monster.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
