<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1080.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1072-distribution" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1072: Distribution</h2>
<p>The indescribable sound of chewing came from the phone. The Fool raised his head, casting his gaze upwards towards the blood-red moon that was illuminating everything.</p>
<p>The huge, round moon gradually returned to normal, its radiance fading until only a crimson hue remained.</p>
<p>At this moment, the previously dark phone screen lit up again, with countless ethereal and complex pieces of information emerging, weaving into a peculiar, intricate symbol.</p>
<p>This symbol was projected out, carried by the power contained within the Information Shredder hidden in the phone by the God of Steam and Machinery, and it quickly scanned every continent, island, and ocean.</p>
<p>One by one, the backup information hidden by the Hidden Sage was located, the overall structure destroyed, and the information rapidly dissipated.</p>
<p>When the special symbol returned to the phone screen, the Hidden Sage transmitted its final burst of information—a desperate scream.</p>
<hr />
<p>Aboard the Blue Avenger sailing back through the grayish-white fog, Professor, Periodic Table, and Prototype were all startled for a moment.</p>
<p>They exchanged glances, and finally, Professor asked Franca and the Captain, “Did you hear a wail or a scream?”</p>
<p>“No.” Franca shook her head.</p>
<p>The Hanged Man also said, “I didn’t hear anything.”</p>
<p>“We all heard it,” Professor’s brow furrowed beneath the butterfly mask. “But it was faint, as if it came from far away.”</p>
<p>“Yes.” Periodic Table and Prototype also indicated they had heard a similar sound.</p>
<p>Franca thought for a moment and then said, “Don’t worry about it, hearing strange sounds in these waters is normal. Just ignore it and don’t take it seriously.”</p>
<p>With that, Franca smiled. “Think on the bright side; maybe it was the scream of the Hidden Sage before His death?”</p>
<p><em>Uh…</em> Professor and the others looked at each other.</p>
<p>The Hanged Man had a pensive expression and after a few seconds, said, “Maybe that’s the case.”</p>
<p><em>Wh—</em> Even Franca was taken aback. <em>Already?</em></p>
<hr />
<p>The Hidden Sage’s wail had pierced the ears of every warlock, alarming the Ten Pillars of the Moses Ascetic Order who were not in Avalon.</p>
<p>They either made prophecies based on it or, through spiritual intuition, discovered that something was amiss and quickly relocated and concealed themselves.</p>
<p>Retia, the Dragon Scholar within Avalon, and Seids and Ohayes, who wielded the Grade 0 Sealed Artifacts, were also affected, rapidly falling into a disadvantaged position and subsequently perishing.</p>
<p>The completely destroyed unknown realm had become a rapidly shrinking dark vortex. The Fool, holding Lumian’s Traveler’s Bag, watched as the floating phone continuously erupted with various luminous fragments.</p>
<p>Spraying and spraying, the phone began expanding, as if about to be ruptured by something.</p>
<p><em>Bang!</em></p>
<p>It did explode, and a dull, apathetic, eyelashless ethereal eye was ejected, falling into The Fool’s palm.</p>
<p>The scattered phone components, tinged with a faint crimson, wriggled as if about to give birth to new parts.</p>
<p>They were blocked by the suddenly darkened void and retracted inward, quickly converging within the ethereal sphere, dissipating along with it.</p>
<p>The Fool, along with the Beyonder characteristics that had been expelled earlier, also vanished.</p>
<hr />
<p>Lumian felt as if he had slept a long, dreamless sleep, his entire being calm and peaceful within the embrace of darkness.</p>
<p>After an unknown period of time, he finally opened his eyes to find himself in the void and shadowy realm behind the mirror.</p>
<p>He stood up and stepped out of the glass surface, his eyes reflecting the ancient, dilapidated palace used for the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society’s gatherings.</p>
<p>Behind him was the giant stone chair, on which sat the “sleeping” mirror he had made for himself, its surface marked with dark red patterns, as if inscribed in fresh blood.</p>
<p>This was a pre-arranged preparation. With Madame Hela’s help, he had placed the “sleeping” mirror in the Nation of the Evernight to isolate it from potential corruption.</p>
<p>As for why he didn’t choose the area above the gray fog or place the “sleeping” mirror next to The Fool’s throne, it was because that would have isolated not only the corruption, but also Lumian’s own resurrection.</p>
<p>Unless it was The Fool himself or he responded in time above the gray fog, Lumian’s Beyonder characteristics could not be transferred to the area near The Fool’s throne, and the consciousness and spirit within the “sleeping” mirror would not be restored.</p>
<p>Moreover, this kind of resurrection required “passing” through the grayish-white fog, and there was a high probability of encountering other forms of corruption, as The Fool was only in the preliminary stages of awakening, not fully awake.</p>
<p>Lumian recalled the previous events, confirming that the Hidden Sage had “voluntarily” entered the effective range of the Information Shredder.</p>
<p>He picked up the large, stone chair-mounted mirror and brought it up to his face.</p>
<p>The mirror, the size of a head, reflected a beautiful face with shallow blue and clear eyes.</p>
<p>Lumian spoke to the mirror, “The Hidden Sage is dead.</p>
<p>“All the warlocks no longer need to worry about being forcibly indoctrinated by Him.”</p>
<p>The mirror’s gorgeous face broke into a relieved and radiant smile.</p>
<p>After a few seconds, Lumian, as usual, recited the corresponding incantation to leave the ancient, dilapidated palace and return to the luxurious villa.</p>
<p>Jenna, who was responsible for the cleanup, had just returned home and released Ludwig from behind one of her mirrors.</p>
<p>This was a precaution in case Jenna’s luck was too poor and she directly encountered the Moses Ascetic Order’s Saint holding a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact.</p>
<p>Ludwig licked his lips, a little glum.</p>
<p>So much delicious food, and he didn’t get to eat any of it!</p>
<p>“Are you two okay?” Franca, who had already returned, asked the two companions with concern.</p>
<p>Lumian chuckled.”Whether I’m okay or not doesn’t matter, the important thing is that something must have happened to the Hidden Sage.”</p>
<p>Jenna took the opportunity to say, “Madam Magician said the spoils will be distributed by Mr. Fool.”</p>
<p>She then asked a little anxiously, “But Madam Magician didn’t take these from me.”</p>
<p>These were the gains from her cleanup of the fallen warlocks.</p>
<p>“I will help you ask Mr. Fool,” Lumian then asked, “Have all the warlocks in Avalon been eliminated?”</p>
<p>Jenna shook her head. “I’ve cleaned up those who have fallen and become evil, and they’re still in their period of silence, but I don’t know about the hidden aspects of Avalon. I handed them over to Ma’am Hermit, who said she would select a batch to send to the Church of The Fool for reform, and the remaining ones are still on the ship, for her to reform.”</p>
<p>With a pleasant mood, Lumian curiously asked, “Have you discovered any secrets in the hidden aspects of Avalon?”</p>
<p>“I don’t know.” While Jenna shook her head, Lumian suddenly paused.</p>
<p>Then he told Franca and Jenna, “Mr. Fool has called for an emergency meeting.”</p>
<hr />
<p>Above the gray fog, within the majestic palace.</p>
<p>Several figures emerged, slightly blurred, on either side of an ancient bronze table.</p>
<p>These were the Major Arcana card holders involved in the hunt for the Hidden Sage.</p>
<p>“Good afternoon, Mr. Fool~” Madam Justice was the first to stand and bow.</p>
<p>Seemingly due to the death of the Hidden Sage, many warlocks had been saved, and her tone was more lively and energetic.</p>
<p>After all the Major Arcana card holders had finished their greetings and reseated themselves, Mr. Fool at the head rapped the edge of the bronze table lightly.</p>
<p>“Dragon Scholar Retia was killed, but she did not fully die. There is a spell related to resurrection and concealment within the Mystical Re-enactment she created.</p>
<p>“However, this is not important, as our main purpose has been achieved.”</p>
<p>Hearing Mr. Fool’s announcement of the result, Lumian’s hanging heart settled.</p>
<p>The Hidden Sage was truly dead, dead beyond death!</p>
<p>At this moment, he was so joyful that he wanted to dance with Franca or Jenna.</p>
<p>The Fool looked at each participant and said in a low voice, “The Uniqueness of the Hidden Sage belongs to the God of Steam and Machinery, the Knowledge Emperor Beyonder characteristics containing Sequence 9 to Sequence 1 will go to Bernadette, including the assistance she provided in the dream. The Church of Evernight will receive the Destined Madness Grade 0 Sealed Artifact and the Beyonder characteristics of Seids, who was corrupted by this Sealed Artifact.</p>
<p>“In addition to these, they also obtained several Grade 1 Sealed Artifacts. The rest are ours.”</p>
<p>After hearing Mr. Fool’s explanation, Lumian, who had fought against the Destined Madness Grade 0 Sealed Artifact, was suddenly stirred and asked, “Why did the Church of Evernight choose Destined Madness?”</p>
<p>“It conceals a secret that needs to be excavated,” Mr. Fool answered Lumian’s question in a gentle tone.</p>
<p>He continued, “Our main gains include the Sage Beyonder characteristic from Torriope, the Grade 0 Sealed Artifacts—Solomon’s Mask and Post-Apocalyptic Scripture—as well as nine Grade 1 Sealed Artifacts, including two related to Clairvoyant, three related to Mysticologist, one to Manipulator, one to Pallbearer, one to Alchemist, one to Arcane Scholar, and various Mid- and Low-Sequence Beyonder characteristics, as well as some Grade 2 and 3 Sealed Artifacts.”</p>
<p>Mr. Fool turned his gaze to The Hermit Cattleya. “This was a continuation of your mission, the result of your previous efforts. You can choose first.”</p>
<p>The Hermit Cattleya did not show any false modesty. “Mr. Fool, I want the Sage Beyonder characteristic.”</p>
<p>The Fool then looked at Lumian. “Your role was crucial, the key to the complete demise of the Hidden Sage. You can choose second.”</p>
<p>Lumian had already decided the answer. “Mr. Fool, I want the potion formula of Weather Warlock.”</p>
<p>Whether he had spoils or not actually didn’t matter to him.</p>
<p>“This is a bonus,” Mr. Fool said calmly. “You can also choose one Grade 0 Sealed Artifact.”</p>
<p><em>Uh… since the deity has said so.</em> Lumian was no longer polite and after thinking for a moment, said, “I choose the Post-Apocalyptic Scripture.”</p>
<p>He felt that, according to Ma’am Hermit’s previous explanation, the Solomon’s Mask must correspond to the Angelic level Beyonder characteristic of the Black Emperor pathway, and the Black Emperor pathway and the Justiciar pathway were neighboring and could be switched. Madam Judgment was also a friend of the Madam Magician.</p>
<p>“The Post-Apocalyptic Scripture is related to the Fate pathway,” Mr. Fool simply said, then turned to Madam Magician. “The Solomon’s Mask is yours.”</p>
<p>Madam Magician was momentarily taken aback. “And you?”</p>
<p><em>You’re the main force, yet you don’t keep the Angelic level Beyonder characteristics or the Grade 0 Sealed Artifacts?</em></p>
<p>Leaning back in his chair, The Fool’s voice, amidst its usual warmth, contained a touch of joy and nostalgia.</p>
<p>“I don’t need them.</p>
<p>“The death of the Hidden Sage is the result I wanted the most.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
