<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1030.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1023-three-sentences" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1023: Three Sentences</h2>
<p>When she heard Huang Tao’s emotional and gratified remarks, Queen Mystic Bernadette’s lips moved almost imperceptibly a few times, but in the end she didn’t speak.</p>
<p>She pressed her lips tightly together.</p>
<p>Huang Tao’s gaze looked out towards the open door and the corridor outside. He smiled slightly and said, “Before I leave, I’ll give you all a gift.”</p>
<p>As soon as he finished speaking, all the mirrors in the study lit up with a clear radiance.</p>
<p>Huang Tao’s figure instantly disappeared from where he had been standing.</p>
<p><em>Trying to run?</em> Franca, who was hidden in the shadows of the corridor in an Invisible state, instinctively rushed out.</p>
<p>She suspected that the mirrored Roselle had deliberately appealed to emotions just now, preventing Queen Mystic from reacting immediately, allowing Him to escape using the mirror world.</p>
<p>The next second, Franca, still in her Invisible state, saw Bernadette transform into ethereal and complex information, rushing like a torrent into the mirror in front of her.</p>
<p>Queen Mystic closely pursued the mirrored Emperor Roselle.</p>
<p>Franca didn’t hesitate. She reached out her right palm and pressed towards that mirror from a distance.</p>
<p>Her body suddenly leaned forward, quickly becoming ethereal, and passed through the glass mirror surface.</p>
<p>Anthony, who had snuck in using Psychological Invisibility, quickly ran into the study. Then Lumian, who had directly teleported over while holding Ludwig’s hand, grabbed his shoulder and brought him into the mirror world.</p>
<p>They followed the traces left behind by the mirrored Emperor Roselle, constantly moving forward through deep tunnels spread like spider webs in the ethereal darkness.</p>
<p>They pursued like this for several dozen seconds. The tunnels around them gradually became sparser, the darkness growing ever deeper.</p>
<p>Finally, the mirrored Emperor Roselle in Huang Tao’s form stopped and turned around.</p>
<p>He was positioned at the edge of an area of void and deep darkness, but behind Him there were no more tunnels, only pure, profound darkness remaining.</p>
<p>In the depths of that darkness, faint gray fog could vaguely be seen spreading, with an endless city hidden in the mist, like a mirage, yet indistinct.</p>
<p><em>Thump, thump!</em></p>
<p>Bernadette, Lumian, Franca and the others heard the sound of heartbeats. It seemed to be both their own and also coming from the very bottom of that deep darkness.</p>
<p>“There are some things that can be said now,” said the mirrored Emperor Roselle in Huang Tao’s form, smiling again.</p>
<p>One more step back and He would retreat into that pure, deep darkness.</p>
<p>“What things?” Bernadette’s voice was a bit lower and hoarser than before.</p>
<p>Huang Tao smiled and said, “The gift is three sentences.</p>
<p>“First, I have preliminarily achieved my purpose for entering this real dream, in every aspect.”</p>
<p>As He said this, the mirrored Roselle was gazing at Queen Mystic Bernadette. The subtext seemed to be saying: my greatest purpose was to find an opportunity to truly spend a few days with my princess as father and daughter.</p>
<p>Bernadette fell silent.</p>
<p>But Lumian was thinking.</p>
<p><em>The purposes in every aspect have been achieved?</em></p>
<p><em>The task given by the one worshiped by the Aurora Order has been completed, and the one given by the Celestial Worthy has also been completed?</em></p>
<p><em>What could that be?</em></p>
<p>The mirrored Emperor Roselle seemed to guess what Lumian, Franca and Anthony were thinking, and laughed, saying, “It’s the same as what you’re thinking.”</p>
<p>Before Lumian and the others could ask further, Huang Tao, with a somewhat complex expression, said to Queen Mystic Bernadette, “The second sentence: It is possible for people inside and outside the mirror to merge.”</p>
<p>Hearing this, Lumian and Franca both suddenly remembered something Krismona had said to Jenna: Reconcile with your mirror self!</p>
<p><em>Is this a different expression of the same idea? It doesn’t seem so—reconciliation isn’t the same as merging…</em> When Lumian looked towards Franca in front of him, he found she was also looking at him.</p>
<p>Bernadette remained silent, not responding to the mirrored Roselle’s words.</p>
<p>Huang Tao sighed with a smile, “The last sentence: The apocalypse may come earlier than prophesied. Be prepared.”</p>
<p>After saying this, He looked at Bernadette and said in a joking tone, “There are five Four Heavenly Kings, and four sentences in three sentences. It’s very reasonable.</p>
<p>“There’s one more sentence…”</p>
<p>The mirrored Emperor Roselle paused for a moment, then smiled tenderly at Queen Mystic.</p>
<p>“These past few days, dad has been very happy, truly.</p>
<p>“Remember, I will never put you in a difficult position…”</p>
<p>Bernadette opened her mouth, but still didn’t speak.</p>
<p>As Huang Tao spoke, He retreated into the pure darkness outside the current area.</p>
<p>His body rapidly changed, transforming from a fashionable middle-aged man into an alluring woman with long chestnut hair, blue eyes, a high nose bridge, thin lips, a voluptuous figure, and a mature aura.</p>
<p>The dream’s repulsive force suddenly descended upon Her, seemingly triggered by Her entry into the deep darkness of this part of the mirror world.</p>
<p>The mirrored Emperor Roselle maintained a gentle smile and continued speaking to Bernadette, “I hate him very much, dislike him, but my feelings in other aspects are the same as his, even more extreme, more irrational.</p>
<p>“I’ve already left a lawyer-witnessed letter saying I’m going to travel freely for a while, indulge for a while, and that you’ll handle various matters of the Intis Group on my behalf.”</p>
<p>Without waiting for Bernadette to respond, She specially reminded, “You should all retreat further; otherwise, you’ll also be affected and rejected by the dream.”</p>
<p>Saying this, the mirrored Emperor Roselle looked at Lumian and smiled, saying, “We’ll meet again. I’ve also left a gift for you in the desk drawer.”</p>
<p><em>A gift?</em> Feeling the dream’s repulsive force spreading over, Lumian, Franca and the others quickly retreated into one of the mirror tunnels.</p>
<p>The mirrored Emperor Roselle’s figure gradually faded, seeming both to dissolve into that deep darkness and to be pushed out of the dream by some force.</p>
<p>She smiled at Bernadette, who was still standing in place. “Quickly leave this area.”</p>
<p>Bernadette instinctively stepped back, her eyes already misty.</p>
<p>Suddenly, she hummed a melody, a melody very familiar to the mirrored Emperor Roselle.</p>
<p>The mirrored Roselle was stunned for a moment, becoming somewhat dazed.</p>
<p>Then, She began humming along, singing the lyrics corresponding to that melody.</p>
<p>“The stars in the sky don’t speak, the babies on earth miss their mothers…”</p>
<p>Expressions of reminiscence, gratification, and emotion appeared on the mirrored Roselle’s face. She persisted until Bernadette’s figure disappeared into one of the mirror tunnels, only then giving up the resistance.</p>
<p>Her figure rapidly vanished, dissolving into the darkness.</p>
<p>The dream’s repulsive force completely enveloped this area, only fully receding after several dozen seconds.</p>
<p>After a while, Bernadette, Lumian and the others returned here.</p>
<p>“She has indeed been permanently kicked out of the dream,” said Queen Mystic in a low voice after looking around.</p>
<p><em>Smoother than I imagined…</em> Lumian didn’t say this out loud.</p>
<p>He felt it would upset Queen Mystic.</p>
<p>And for those in High-Sequence Beyonders, an emotional outburst had a potential hidden danger—the possibility of losing control.</p>
<p>Bernadette was silent for a moment, then took the initiative to say, “Any thoughts on those three sentences just now?”</p>
<p>Lumian had already analyzed. “The second sentence, about the possibility of merging between the original body and the Mirror Person, likely has exaggerated and false components.</p>
<p>“The third sentence aligns with some of my thoughts and guesses. It might not be false—the apocalypse may really come early.</p>
<p>“For the first sentence, I’m inclined to believe it’s true.”</p>
<p>“So She also completed the task given by the Celestial Worthy?” Franca asked with considerable worry.</p>
<p>She immediately guessed, “These past few days, when we weren’t paying attention, did She do something to Zhou Mingrui, laying the groundwork?”</p>
<p>“No,” Bernadette slowly shook her head, “These past few days, I’ve been watching her openly and secretly. She shouldn’t have had the chance to directly contact Zhou Mingrui.”</p>
<p>Lumian, looking at the pure darkness outside the area and the faintly visible gray fog and city in the depths of the darkness, said thoughtfully,</p>
<p>“Perhaps Her existence itself has some symbolism, enabling Her to complete the task given by the Celestial Worthy.”</p>
<p>Before Franca and the others could ask, he pointed to the depths of the darkness and said,</p>
<p>“Doesn’t that look like the sealed Fourth Epoch Trier?”</p>
<p>Franca vaguely grasped Lumian’s idea and blurted out. “A special mirror world?”</p>
<p>Lumian nodded slightly and said to Queen Mystic,</p>
<p>“Mr. Fool’s dream originally shouldn’t have contained the sealed Fourth Epoch Trier and the special mirror world that’s produced from attaching to the Fourth Epoch Trier.”</p>
<p>This was deduced from Mr. Fool’s experiences.</p>
<p>Lumian continued, “But after the mirrored Emperor Roselle entered, Her essence and special nature gave Her corresponding symbolic meaning. So, in the depths of the dream city’s mirror world, that special mirror world and the sealed Fourth Epoch Trier gradually took shape.</p>
<p>“And we previously speculated that one of Zarathushtra’s main goals was to have Zhou Mingrui drink the Witch potion, producing a stable, long-term, corresponding Mirror Person. Then, the Celestial Worthy could use that Mirror Person to accomplish some things, achieving a phased victory.”</p>
<p>Queen Mystic nodded slightly. “Apart from consuming the ‘Witch’ potion, another way to make a person produce a stable, long-term Mirror Person is to come into contact with that special mirror world.”</p>
<p>“Zarathushtra was both looking for opportunities to induce Zhou Mingrui’s advancement himself and introducing the mirrored Emperor Roselle so as to bring the special mirror world? A two-pronged approach!” Franca drew in a sharp breath.</p>
<p>Queen Mystic said in a somewhat low voice, “Zhou Mingrui probably hasn’t come into contact with the special mirror world yet, hasn’t produced a corresponding Mirror Person, but afterwards, the Celestial Worthy’s side will certainly have corresponding arrangements.”</p>
<p>For example, achieving it through Zhou Sasa? Franca suddenly looked at Lumian.</p>
<p>Lumian nodded and continued, “So, we can’t delay our actions.</p>
<p>“We are on the precipice; there’s no backing down.”</p>
<p>“Yes,” Franca agreed.</p>
<p>Returning to Huang Tao’s study, Bernadette walked around behind the desk and, guided by spirituality, pulled open a drawer.</p>
<p>There was a “gift” left for Lumian by the mirrored Emperor Roselle.</p>
<p>Lumian, coming around from the other side, suddenly saw a card.</p>
<p>The card lay quietly on top of a stack of documents, its surface depicting the image of the mirrored Emperor Roselle from earlier.</p>
<p>Voluptuous figure, wearing a black dress, adorned with a golden crown inlaid with jewels, alluring features, mature aura, outstanding charm.</p>
<p>In the upper left corner of this card, a line of text was condensed from brilliant starlight: “Sequence 0: Primordial Demoness”</p>
<p>At this moment, Bernadette’s voice rang out, echoing in the ears of Lumian and the others, “A Card of Blasphemy, the Demoness card.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
