<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1089.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1081-trap" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1081: Trap</h2>
<p><em>The mirrored Blood Emperor?</em> Lumian was not unfamiliar with the figure before him.</p>
<p>He did not seize the opportunity to attack, not because he did not want to, but because he was stunned for a moment by the assault of the mad psyche, before breaking free.</p>
<p>The burning heat and stinging pain in his right palm became more pronounced, as if wanting to collaborate, to fuse the current vessel with the version of himself in the mirror.</p>
<p>The mirrored Alista Tudor stood nearly 3 meters tall, gripping a just-formed gigantic flaming sword.</p>
<p>The giant sword burned with a bluish-violet hue.</p>
<p>The blood-stained black-armored mirror Alista, with eyes filled with madness and cruelty, looked at the bloodsoaked Lumian and said in an icy voice, “Where is your sword?”</p>
<p>As soon as the words left His mouth, He took a stride forward to stand before Lumian, raising the bluish-violet flaming sword high and bringing it down towards his target.</p>
<p>Lumian finally recovered from his previous shock, and instantly drew the iron-black Sword of Courage, blocking the strike from above!</p>
<p><em>Clang!</em></p>
<p>Amidst the clash of metal, streams of bluish-violet flames scattered, and Lumian was knocked flying, his body set alight.</p>
<p><em>Crack</em>. He proactively used Mirror Substitution, escaping the flames of the mirrored Alista.</p>
<p>The mirrored Alista, dragging the flaming sword, evaluated dispassionately, “Too weak!”</p>
<p>As He spoke, the city-sized square was already engulfed in flames, with transparent, almost invisible spider web-like strands being revealed, all burning violently, no longer able to restrict or affect the mirrored Alista.</p>
<p>The mystical pathogens Lumian had secretly spread earlier were also quickly dissipating in the intense heat and burning, with only the heat-resistant ones still barely hanging on.</p>
<p>Facing this fiery hell, Lumian actually created a wall of crystalline, transparent frost around himself.</p>
<p>Sizzling, these frost walls were immediately vaporized under the assault of the bluish-violet flames and terrifying heat, turning into white mist.</p>
<p>The white mist obscured Lumian’s figure, making him disappear from the mirrored Alista’s sight.</p>
<p>Behind the mirrored Blood Emperor, Lumian’s figure rapidly took shape, his clear blue eyes deepening slightly, reflecting the blood-stained black-armored figure.</p>
<p>He wanted to curse the opponent!</p>
<p>This was one of the few effective ways he currently had to harm the other.</p>
<p>Just then, thick fog rose up, immediately shrouding the mirrored Alista Tudor, preventing Lumian’s spiritual perception from extending beyond ten meters, making it difficult to lock onto the target.</p>
<p>True Fog of War!</p>
<p>Within the fog enveloping the entire fiery hell, Lumian threw out a mirror, which transformed into his double and gained projection power.</p>
<p>Lumian’s main body then concealed its form.</p>
<p>Suddenly, Alista’s scornful voice sounded in Lumian’s ear. “Flashy, but useless!”</p>
<p>Accompanied by this remark, thunderous explosions took over the square.</p>
<p>Indiscriminate, large-scale explosions.</p>
<p>The Fog of War thinned as a result, Lumian’s mirrored projection shattered, and even his main body had to use Mirror Substitution repeatedly to endure the aftermath of the explosions.</p>
<p>The entire square’s ground was left in ruins, only the ornate silver full-length mirror remaining intact.</p>
<p>As Lumian stabilized himself, he saw the mirrored Blood Emperor rushing towards him with the force of a mountain, slashing down with the bluish-violet flaming sword.</p>
<p>A sudden gray-white surge burst forth from Lumian, wherever it passed, the flames were frozen and turned to stone.</p>
<p>As the overwhelming gray-white wave approached the mirrored Alista’s figure, this Blood Emperor with only remnants of power was set ablaze, decomposing into streams of bluish-violet flames.</p>
<p>These flames flew out to the sides and upwards, avoiding Lumian’s Petrification power.</p>
<p>They quickly converged behind Lumian, reforming the nearly 3-meter tall Alista Tudor, with blood-red hair.</p>
<p><em>Crack.</em> With a sweeping motion of the flaming sword, Lumian’s body shattered and dissolved into mirrors once more.</p>
<p>This time, he used Teleportation in conjunction.</p>
<p>His destination was behind the silver full-length mirror.</p>
<p>He swung his Sword of Courage ablaze with scorching blue-tinged flames towards the mirror.</p>
<p>He felt this full-length mirror and the mirrored Alista Tudor were closely connected, and destroying it might prevent the powerful enemy from maintaining His form.</p>
<p>The earlier large-scale explosion, where the mirrored Alista deliberately controlled the direction and provided necessary protection, not allowing this silver full-length mirror to be damaged, was evidence of this.</p>
<p><em>Even if I can’t beat you, can’t I at least beat this mirror?</em></p>
<p>In Lumian’s eyes, the mirrored Blood Emperor transformed into a bluish-violet flaming spear, rapidly thrusting towards him.</p>
<p>He did not retreat, still letting the Sword of Courage descend.</p>
<p><em>Bang!</em></p>
<p>The silver full-length mirror suffered a tremendous explosion, without even a cracking sound, it completely disintegrated, its shards scattered outwards.</p>
<p>At the same time, the bluish-violet flaming spear pierced through Lumian’s body, instantly igniting him, trying to burn him to ashes.</p>
<p>The flaming spear fell behind Lumian, reforming into the mirrored Alista Tudor.</p>
<p>His sharp-featured face bore unconcealed mockery, His figure not showing any instability or illusion from the destruction of the silver full-length mirror.</p>
<p>It was an intentionally displayed weakness—a trap!</p>
<hr />
<p>On the Fog Sea, in the starlight-condensed treasure vault on the Blue Avenger, the silver full-length mirror at the end of the corridor suddenly split open without a sound, cracks forming across its surface.</p>
<p><em>Splash!</em></p>
<p>Shattered glass slid downwards.</p>
<p>On the deck of the Blue Avenger, Mr. Hanged Man and the few sailors felt the ship suddenly rocking violently, as if caught in a raging storm.</p>
<p>High in the sky, the fog rapidly spread, clouds piling up, a downpour imminent.</p>
<hr />
<p>Within a square shielded from thick blood water.</p>
<p>From a black “coin bag”, a mirror flew up, and Lumian leapt out, retrieving the Sword of Courage and the Traveler’s Bag specially made by Mr. Fool.</p>
<p>He showed no retreat or fear, power surging from the dark pinhole in his palm.</p>
<p>His strikingly handsome face suddenly took on a more heroic, masculine air, his chest slightly narrower, his body a bit taller.</p>
<p>He was utilizing the power of the War Bishop obtained through the boon.</p>
<p>Of course, a Demoness of Unaging combined with War Bishop still should not be a match for the mirrored Alista Tudor—even if the latter did not use much of His Weather Warlock abilities, He still displayed overwhelming superiority.</p>
<p>Lumian’s true purpose was not the War Bishop itself, he wanted to leverage the unique origin of this power.</p>
<p>It originated from the boon of the corpse wax candle ritual’s target, from the depths of the well, most likely related to the massive black shadow coiled near the square, in reality.</p>
<p>In this case, Lumian was effectively the bestowed of the other party, and the current battlefield was within the mirror world at the bottom of the well.</p>
<p>In other words, Lumian might be able to invoke Angelic-level powers by appealing to this special environment.</p>
<p>Furthermore, with the War Bishop boon, he was now truly half-male, half-female, yin nurturing yang, yang containing yin, extremely close to higher powers.</p>
<p>Seeing this, the mirrored Alista Tudor did not frown, the madness in His blue eyes intensifying, seemingly wanting to use actual battle to tell Lumian this was meaningless.</p>
<p><em>Failure will be your destined end!</em></p>
<p>At this moment, a dark shadow from the coiled black mass expanded outwards.</p>
<p>It penetrated the invisible barrier, surging behind the mirror Blood Emperor.</p>
<p>This dark, illusory, and transparent shadow seemed to lead to an unknown world.</p>
<p>Lumian’s thoughts suddenly became hazy, as if hearing layer upon layer of faint, ethereal voices.</p>
<p>He then saw the mirrored Alista put away the bluish-violet flaming sword, scornfully glancing at him.</p>
<p>This blood-soaked black-armored Mirror Person harrumphed, no longer attacking, turning and walking into the dark shadow, disappearing from Lumian’s sight.</p>
<p><em>That’s it?</em> Lumian paused.</p>
<p>Of course, he did not think the mirrored Alista Tudor gave up because he feared the aid Lumian had invoked—it was more likely someone had dissuaded Him.</p>
<p>Who could dissuade the half-crazed mirrored Blood Emperor? As Lumian pondered, he felt his mind beginning to grow weary, his consciousness significantly weakened.</p>
<p>The ritual contract was nearing its end.</p>
<p>Lumian looked around, choosing to enter Cogitation, proactively disconnecting from the contract state.</p>
<p>In Bansy Harbor, within the ruins of the telegraph office.</p>
<p>Lumian opened his eyes, checking his condition.</p>
<p>The power of the War Bishop was receding.</p>
<p>“What happened?” Franca in the distance asked curiously.</p>
<p>Lumian had actually used the War Bishop power from the boon during the ritual!</p>
<p>Lumian was about to respond, but suddenly had a premonition, turning his gaze towards the western sky.</p>
<hr />
<p>On the Fog Sea, aboard the Blue Avenger.</p>
<p>Inside the violently shaking, nearly shattering ship, a deep violet, hurricane-like light suddenly surged.</p>
<p>It rapidly headed eastward.</p>
<p><em>This is…</em> Seeing this, Mr. Hanged Man furrowed his brow.</p>
<hr />
<p>On a sunny coastline.</p>
<p>Unarmored, simply wearing a shirt and pants, now more human-like, Red Angel Medici comfortably lay in a beach chair, legs crossed, casually watching the deep violet light fly overhead.</p>
<p>Then, He smiled at Albus beside Him, saying, “Why didn’t I attack Lumian Lee in the dream city?</p>
<p>“Of course, it’s because I’m waiting for him to trigger all the problems left behind by that crazy Tudor.</p>
<p>“The path to be taken, someone must help us take it; the traps to be stepped on, someone must help us step on them.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
