<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1055.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1047-honorific-name" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1047: Honorific Name</h2>
<p>Lumian took the paper and pen from in front of Franca and said with a smile, “We can always add descriptions about being someone or something’s protector later when it actually happens. After all, every demigod can have many descriptions, though they don’t use all of them.”</p>
<p>He then wrote down the last line of his honorific name with the pen: “The Great Lumian Lee.”</p>
<p>Then he smiled at Franca and Jenna. “The first line should leverage Mr. Fool’s status.”</p>
<p>As he spoke, he wrote down his first honorific line: “The Chariot of Mr. Fool.”</p>
<p>Before Jenna and Franca could speak, he made a self-deprecating comment. “The second line will continue to leverage, this time from 0-01.”</p>
<p>“Proxy of the God of War?” Franca blurted out.</p>
<p>“No good,” Lumian shook his head. “Lady Magician mentioned before that the title ‘God of War’ refers to both 0-01 and Red Angel Medici. If I call myself the Agent of the God of War, He might laugh uncontrollably—wouldn’t that be like giving Him a free gift?”</p>
<p>“Try something else, like Proxy of the Ruler of War? These will all point to 0-01 anyway,” Jenna suggested.</p>
<p>“I think it should be more conceptual, to minimize Red Angel’s influence as much as possible,” Lumian thought for a few seconds and wrote, “Proxy of Chaos and War.”</p>
<p>Seeing this description, Franca suddenly laughed.</p>
<p>“If you really want to leverage, you should continue. Let me do a count.</p>
<p>“Heir of the Blood Emperor, Divine Child of the Great Mother, Friend of the Underworld Daoist, One Who Serves the Peak Beings of Both Calamity and Sacrifice Pathways…</p>
<p>“Tsk, better forget those. If you really added them as your honorific name, you might drop dead on the spot.”</p>
<p>“A room can’t hold that many people,” Lumian glanced at Franca, responding with an old joke.</p>
<p>Holding the pen, Lumian continued, “I thought of the third line before going to bed.”</p>
<p>“What is it?” Franca asked curiously.</p>
<p>Instead of answering her, Lumian directly wrote down a description: “The Dual-Bodied One Forged by Fire and Frost.”</p>
<p>“Dual-Bodied One…” Jenna read the latter part aloud, suddenly understanding this was preparation for Aurore’s further resurrections, allowing the corresponding anchors to point to her as well.</p>
<p>“Dual-Bodied One refers to both you and Aurore, and also to the female Demoness and male Hunter, as well as the me outside the mirror and the me inside it. Brilliant!” Franca sincerely praised. “Fire and frost correspond to the Hunter and Demoness abilities, and being forged by fire and frost would inevitably bring intense pain—only sufficient obsession and strong will could endure it. This also represents your journey to become who you are now…”</p>
<p>As she spoke, Franca shut her mouth.</p>
<p>Then, feigning world-weariness, she sighed and patted Lumian’s shoulder. “Things will get better!”</p>
<p>“Indeed,” Jenna said hopefully.</p>
<p>“After reconciling with myself, my condition has actually improved quite a bit.” Lumian laughed, looking at the paper on the table. “For the fourth line, I want to show both my current highest Sequence characteristics and point out how I differ from most Beyonders on the Demoness and Hunter pathways.”</p>
<p>“You have abilities merged from two pathways, most notably the Fire of Destruction. And the most obvious trait of the Demoness of Unaging Sequence is eternal youth,” Franca pondered.</p>
<p>Lumian nodded slightly and wrote carefully: “Unaging Saint Holding Destruction?”</p>
<p>“Make it ‘Bearing’—although ‘holding’ makes me imagine a beautiful Demoness extending both hands holding black flames of destruction, ‘Unaging Saint Bearing Destruction’ sounds better.” Franca imagined the corresponding scene.</p>
<p>“That works too,” Lumian accepted Franca’s suggestion.</p>
<p>Finally, his honorific name was determined as: “The Chariot of Mr. Fool, Proxy of Chaos and War, the Dual-Bodied One Forged by Fire and Frost, Unaging Saint Bearing Destruction, the Great Lumian Lee.”</p>
<p>Putting down the pen, Lumian made a self-deprecating comment, “Just thought of a hellish joke—I could also add ‘Protector of Cordu’ to my honorific name.”</p>
<p>Jenna and Franca exchanged glances, both feeling that Lumian’s mental and spiritual state had indeed improved somewhat.</p>
<p>“Alright, we can now summon Madam Judgment’s messenger to inform her of both our honorific names, and ask her to contact the Church of Knowledge on our behalf, hopefully getting an opportunity to visit the City of Exiles soon. Hmm, only after the time is confirmed can I go borrow Gift of the Land—that Sealed Artifact is too dangerous, I can only use it briefly.” The latter half of Lumian’s words were meant for Jenna.</p>
<p>He knew that although Jenna appeared calm on the surface, she was quite anxious inside.</p>
<p>Obviously, Jenna hoped to become a Demoness of Despair before Julien returned to Trier, which was only a week away.</p>
<p>“Alright.” Franca didn’t delay.</p>
<p>After sending letters to both Madam Judgment and Ma’am Hermit through their respective messengers, the three Demonesses waited for Madam Judgment’s possible reply.</p>
<p>Franca looked out the window at the early evening lights and said somewhat emotionally,</p>
<p>“The scenery here is beautiful, and the environment is nice, but it feels somewhat stuffy living here.”</p>
<p>This luxurious villa had just been gifted to them yesterday by Madam Justice, as additional compensation for awakening Mr. Fool.</p>
<p>Franca had also moved her belongings, especially that small analyzer machine, and announced her return to the telegraph group last night.</p>
<p>“Stuffy?” Jenna was a bit confused.</p>
<p>Franca smacked her lips and said, “Maybe I’m just not the type who likes living in villa districts.</p>
<p>“I prefer having lots of shops downstairs, street vendors gathering in the morning, but sleeping in a room away from the street to avoid being disturbed.</p>
<p>“Whatever I want to eat, I can go down and buy it anytime. When there’s nothing to do, I can stand by the living room window and watch children chase and play, see how vendors do business, watch what stories passersby might act out, and sometimes, with a non-ordinary one’s hearing, faintly catch some gossip and rumors…”</p>
<p>Franca’s voice grew softer, as if immersed in such scenes.</p>
<p>After a few seconds, she sighed and said with self-mockery, “Living here is good too, at least we don’t have to worry about affecting innocent people when fighting.”</p>
<p>“With Saint-level abilities, that would be difficult,” Lumian reminded her.</p>
<p>To this, Franca could only respond with a brief interjection, “Ah…”</p>
<p>Soon after, Madam Judgment replied through her jellyfish-like messenger Ongla: “Results from communication with the Church of Knowledge will come tomorrow at the earliest, or the day after tomorrow at the latest.”</p>
<p>“Tomorrow or the day after…” Lumian nodded and smiled, “Then there’s nothing urgent for now, we have some leisure time.”</p>
<p>He then left the bedroom and went downstairs.</p>
<p>Then, he went to the study, took several popular novels and a pile of recent newspapers and magazines, came to the living room, and started reading under the bright crystal gas chandelier, appearing very relaxed.</p>
<p>“Why are you reading these?” Franca asked curiously.</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t hide anything and said with a slight sigh and smile, “The conversations with Mr. Fool and the exchange during self-reconciliation helped me understand some things. Since the end of the path is already determined—whether it’s the apocalypse or resurrecting Aurore—then during this journey, if there really isn’t anything urgent, I might as well be a bit kinder to myself.”</p>
<p>Yes, Lumian Lee deserves to enjoy life too! A smile gradually bloomed on Jenna’s face.</p>
<p>She extended her right hand to Lumian. “May I invite you to watch a play or opera tonight?”</p>
<p>“Sure.” Lumian reached out and touched hands with Jenna.</p>
<p>Jenna then turned to Franca. “May I invite you too?”</p>
<p>“Of course, I thought I was going by default,” Franca tried to smile lightly, but it turned out quite radiant.</p>
<p>Jenna then looked at Anthony, who was also reading newspapers in the living room.</p>
<p>Anthony put down his newspaper and cleared his throat. “I’ll pass. After staying in the dream city for half a month, I haven’t contacted many of my intelligence sources in reality for a long time. I already have appointments tonight.”</p>
<p>“Alright.” Jenna then said to Ludwig, who was waiting for the stew to finish cooking in the kitchen, “You must come.”</p>
<p>Otherwise, no one would watch him!</p>
<p>Ludwig only raised one question, “Does the theater have food?”</p>
<p>“We can get you candy-like food, the kind that doesn’t make noise when you eat it,” Jenna smiled and said.</p>
<p>Franca then said to Ludwig, “You really should experience more things, life isn’t just about eating.”</p>
<p>Ludwig looked at her, his gaze full of “I don’t think so.”</p>
<p>Speaking of eating, Franca suddenly got excited. “How about hot pot tomorrow?”</p>
<p>“Does Trier have all the ingredients for a hot pot base?” Jenna looked toward Ludwig.</p>
<p>Before Ludwig could respond, Franca said quite happily, “We can have another version of hot pot, with bone broth. It’s not as complicated, and we can use garlic, Feynapotter chili, salt and such for dipping sauce. It’s equally delicious—those who want spicy can add spice, those who don’t want it don’t have to, everyone chooses for themselves.</p>
<p>“Hmm, we can use pork bones or beef bones for the broth, add some common spices, plus mushrooms…”</p>
<p>Hearing this, Lumian, Anthony, and Jenna said in unison, “Skip the mushrooms!”</p>
<p>After discovering their very “unanimous” opinion, the three immediately burst into laughter.</p>
<p>“Gulp.” Ludwig, who had been made hungry by the talk, swallowed his saliva.</p>
<p>This made Franca laugh too.</p>
<p>Laughter echoed in the living room.</p>
<hr />
<p>When they returned from the opera, it was already late at night. Franca walked back to her bedroom with light steps.</p>
<p>In one corner of the bedroom sat that small analyzer machine connected to a mechanical typewriter and wireless telegraph transceiver.</p>
<p><em>I’ll chat a bit before sleeping.</em> Franca walked to the complex machine and said silently to herself, <em>How should I tell 007 and others tactfully and without showing off that I’m now someone with an honorific name?</em></p>
<p><em>Oh right, first summon Madame Hela’s messenger to request a meeting in reality!</em></p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
