<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1081.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1073-post-apocalyptic-scripture" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1073: Post-Apocalyptic Scripture</h2>
<p>Hearing Mr. Fool’s words, Madam Justice suddenly felt a bit happier.</p>
<p>She felt that Mr. Fool’s state had improved a bit.</p>
<p>Madam Magician, upon hearing this, no longer said much, lightly nodding and saying, “I will defer to your will.”</p>
<p>If she were really allowed to choose the spoils, she would also have chosen the Solomon’s Mask. The ability of this Grade 0 Sealed Artifact would be a great supplement and enhancement for her, as well as for Madam Judgment, and in the future, it could also become a choice for her transition to the Angelic pathway through the Justiciar pathway.</p>
<p>As for the potion formula of the Sequence 2 Entropy Duke of the Black Emperor pathway, Mr. Fool had it—he possessed the Black Emperor card from the Cards of Blasphemy.</p>
<p><em>The chaos of these years, the spread of the evil gods’ faith, the frequent occurrence of various events, have made Xio, the Chaos Hunter, digest her potions quickly, and she is about to complete her advancement to an Angel… Hehe, the High-Sequence Beyonders of the Black Emperor pathway seem to have the trait of body gigantification—same for Nast. It would be very suitable for Xio to switch over to that path…</em> Madam Magician’s thoughts gradually drifted away.</p>
<p>Mr. Fool then turned his gaze to The Hanged Man. “And your choice?”</p>
<p>“Esteemed Mr. Fool, I would like the Grade 1 Sealed Artifact formed by the Mysticologist Beyonder characteristic.” The Hanged Man had already decided on his choice when Mr. Fool was introducing the spoils.</p>
<p>His ability characteristics and the Sealed Artifacts of the Hunter pathway he had obtained from the Blue Avenger’s treasury were already quite overpowering, and he lacked the stealthy means to achieve his goals.</p>
<p>“Alright, Merumu’s Spellbook is yours.” The Fool turned his gaze to Justice.</p>
<p>Although Justice had not directly participated in the action, she had woven the phone from the dream for Lumian, and was always prepared to provide spiritual and mental healing for the participants in the hunt.</p>
<p>Additionally, she had made a substantial contribution to awakening Mr. Fool in the dream city, and so far had only obtained the revelation related to the ancient dragon.</p>
<p>Madam Justice smiled and said, “Mr. Fool, I want the Grade 1 Sealed Artifact formed by the Manipulator Beyonder characteristic, as I owe someone a favor.”</p>
<p>The Fool nodded lightly, then turned to Madam Temperance Sharron.</p>
<p>“Protecting the New City of Silver and the Rorsted Archipelago was also a contribution. You, representing the temperance faction, can take a share of the spoils.”</p>
<p>Madam Temperance Sharron, wearing a small, black, soft hat, manifested a piece of paper.</p>
<p>On it wrote: “Grade 1 Sealed Artifact formed by the Mysticologist Beyonder characteristic.”</p>
<p><em>Just as I thought…</em> The Chariot Lumian muttered to himself.</p>
<p>This was based on two reasons:</p>
<p>First, as the representative of the temperance faction, she would certainly feel that her faction’s contribution was relatively small, and she should not choose a Sealed Artifact formed from a Sequence 3 Beyonder characteristic-formed. Second, between Mysticologist and Alchemist, the Prisoner pathway Beyonder would most likely choose the former.</p>
<p>Lumian had collaborated with Madam Temperance Sharron and Knight of Swords before, and knew their fighting styles. Alchemist, on the other hand, was known in the Savant pathway for creating wondrous items and alchemy puppets, which did not quite match the style of the temperance faction.</p>
<p>This was not to say they were incompatible in terms of ability—in fact, they complemented each other very well. It was mainly that the aesthetic was not quite in sync, and Lumian could not imagine Madam Temperance Sharron possessing a giant robot, wielding various post-modern weapons, and blowing up enemies with a barrage of gunfire.</p>
<p>“Alright, the Eye of Omniscience will belong to the temperance faction.” Mr. Fool nodded lightly.</p>
<p>The last to make a choice was Mr. Star Leonard.</p>
<p>He said in a dazed manner, “Alchemist. I want to make a self-playing piano…”</p>
<p><em>What kind of wish is this? Is Mr. Star still an artsy youth?</em> Lumian was somewhat puzzled.</p>
<p>Mr. Fool only spoke a few seconds later. “Okay, the Creator’s Hammer is yours.”</p>
<p>Seeing that all the participating Major Arcana had chosen their spoils, Lumian asked on behalf of Jenna, “Mr. Fool, how will the Mid- and Low-Sequence Beyonder characteristics and mystical items obtained by the Seven of Cups be distributed?”</p>
<p>The voice of The Fool shrouded in the gray fog returned to its previous state.</p>
<p>“The Mysticologist Beyonder characteristic and related materials formed by Ohayes’ death will be given to the three warlocks who went into the depths of the Fog Sea. After pulverizing and recomposing them, this will be able to help each of them advance one Sequence.”</p>
<p>This was a decision made even before the emergency meeting—the Mysticologist Beyonder characteristic formed by Ohayes’ death was not on the list of available options just mentioned.</p>
<p>Now, Professor was a Sequence 5 Constellations Master, and Periodic Table and Prototype were Sequence 6 Scrolls Professors.</p>
<p>Mr. Fool continued, “The Mid- and Low-Sequence Beyonder characteristics and mystical items in Seven of Cups’s possession will be divided into three parts: one part for her to keep, one part for the Two of Cups, and one part to be handed over to the Church.</p>
<p>“If they wish, they can use one of the two parts they keep to exchange for a Grade 1 Sealed Artifact.”</p>
<p>“Yes, Mr. Fool.” The Chariot Lumian felt this distribution plan was very good and had no objections.</p>
<p>This not only addressed Jenna’s lack of same-Sequence items, but also left room for the three Demonesses to develop their followers and spread the faith.</p>
<p>Mr. Fool then turned to Madam Temperance Sharron. “The remaining items are to be entrusted to the Church for safekeeping and use.”</p>
<p>The “Church” mentioned in those words referred to the Church of The Fool.</p>
<p>“Yes, Mr. Fool.” Madam Temperance Sharron held up another sheet of paper with writing on it.</p>
<p>As soon as she finished responding, beams of light flew out from the grayish-white fog behind Mr. Fool, each landing in front of the various Major Arcana.</p>
<p>Madam Magician’s was an asymmetrical black and gold mask, so extreme in its appearance that it was distressing to look at, yet also possessed a peculiar majesty.</p>
<p>Ma’am Hermit’s was a fist-sized, sparkling diamond of sacred and wise light, with dull, apathetic eyes reflected from each of its facets.</p>
<p>Madam Justice’s was an object covered in gray wrinkles, resembling both a brain and a heart.</p>
<p>The Hanged Man’s was a thin book bound in human skin, with many mysterious patterns and symbols on the cover.</p>
<p>Madam Temperance’s was a transparent, pure gemstone eye, with different brilliance flashing from each facet.</p>
<p>Mr. Star’s was a complex, gray-and-white metal hammer, seemingly having multiple functions and exuding a mechanical aesthetic.</p>
<p>In addition to the Weather Warlock potion formula in his mind and Ohayes’s Mysticologist Beyonder characteristic and related materials in front of him, The Chariot Lumian also received an old, yellowish-brown book.</p>
<p>This book was made of tough, thick sheepskin parchment, with no symbols or words on the surface, only a bit of mercury-colored light fluttering beneath the texture of the paper, sometimes emerging, sometimes receding.</p>
<p>At the same time, information about the Post-Apocalyptic Scripture suddenly emerged in Lumian’s mind in a form different from the official Sealed Artifact records:</p>
<p><em>“0: Perhaps an item formed by the Soothsayer of the Fate pathway foreseeing some future event and losing control, or it may come from an even more ancient era.</em></p>
<p><em>“1: The external form is an ancient book made of sheepskin parchment, with mercury-colored specks of light and a rough texture.</em></p>
<p><em>“2: This book has no text, but will randomly display some prophecies, some of which are true and some are false. If one believes the false prophecies and prepares to avoid or welcome them, they will become real.</em></p>
<p><em>“One can use mental intention to write in this book about how different results would occur for certain people or events due to good or bad luck, and they have a high probability of becoming real, even if the final outcome does not match the prophecy, it will be similar.</em></p>
<p><em>“If the situation is chaotic, with many choices and only a few paths leading to a good ending, one can open this book, and it will provide a revelation. If this revelation can be correctly interpreted, it will guide the inquirer to the best outcome, otherwise it is extremely dangerous.</em></p>
<p><em>“3: If a non-godhood wielder holds this book, they will immediately be plagued by misfortune and die miserably or turn into a monster controlled by the book within an extremely short time.</em></p>
<p><em>“If a godhood wielder holds this book, they will suffer misfortune within an hour of using it, the degree of which is randomly determined, but it will not lead to death in a short time.</em></p>
<p><em>“This book will randomly select some living beings within a 30-kilometer radius and bestow misfortune upon them.</em></p>
<p><em>“This book will intermittently display various prophecies related to the holder, most of which are bad. Some are true, some are false, and if the false ones are believed and acted upon, they will become true.</em></p>
<p><em>“4: The method of sealing is to create a space with no living beings, with a radius of at least 30 kilometers, place this book in the center, and press a twenty-sided die on the surface.”</em></p>
<p>Knowing this information about the Post-Apocalyptic Scripture came from Mr. Fool, Lumian calmly considered how he should use this Grade 0 Sealed Artifact.</p>
<p><em>The misfortune after using it can be resolved through a luck enhancement ritual or the exchange of fate fragments, ‘gifting’ the transferred misfortune to lucky pirates…</em></p>
<p><em>As for the intermittent prophecies, I’ll just pretend I didn’t see them, whether true or false. I’ve been living just fine without any prophetic abilities before. Hunters and Demonesses should believe more in their own minds and abilities…</em></p>
<p><em>Regarding the problem of randomly bestowing large-scale misfortune, I’ll need to ask Mr. Fool or Madam Magician for help. Hmm, either deceive the Post-Apocalyptic Scripture into thinking there are no living beings within a 30-kilometer radius, or expand the Traveler’s Bag to the size of a city. But then the materials for making the Traveler’s Bag would have to be very special and high-grade..</em></p>
<p>As Lumian was pondering, the Post-Apocalyptic Scripture suddenly flipped a page.</p>
<p>Amid the rustling sound, the book stopped on one page, and a line of mercury-colored text quickly appeared: “In the Year 1368, as July fades to its final days, crimson shall rain from the heavens.”</p>
<p>Immediately, the leading numbers changed, the mercury shifting to form new text: “In the Year 1360, as July fades to its final days, crimson shall rain from the heavens.”</p>
<p><em>Wh—</em> Lumian’s eyes narrowed.</p>
<p>It was currently the spring of the year 1359!</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
