<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1010.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1003-incantation" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1003: Incantation</h2>
<p>The bottomless darkness seemed to be pulled by some force from deep within, or forcefully pressed down by an invisible giant hand, causing it to suddenly collapse and form a frantic vortex several meters wide.</p>
<p>This vortex kept spinning towards the end of the darkness, getting deeper and deeper, like an ancient well.</p>
<p>At the same time, all the mirrors on Lumian’s body shattered with a series of cracking sounds, and the metal elevator doors were suddenly covered with a grayish-white layer, as if they had been abraded by sand.</p>
<p>Immediately after, Lumian took a step forward and jumped into the vortex.</p>
<p>With the appearance of the vortex, he vaguely sensed his Mirror Substitution left with Franca.</p>
<p>At the same time, he knew that the vortex was created by the gaze and power he had drawn through the secret deed ritual, and that it would lead to his intended destination. He knew that if he kept falling in the vortex, he would likely reach where Franca was trapped.</p>
<p>He didn’t let his body float down slowly like a feather, but maintained a free-fall posture, gaining speed. Wind howled in his ears, and his eyes saw only the deep darkness that had become steep cliffs.</p>
<hr />
<p><em>Crack! Crack! Crack!</em></p>
<p>The glass windows on every floor of Mushu Hospital shattered explosively, and all mirror-like objects were either covered in scratches or turned to stone-like substances.</p>
<p>In the emergency center, all the glass that had shown mirror-like reflections due to the night broke with a crack, including several pairs of dark-colored glasses.</p>
<p>Zhou Mingrui and Luo Shan were startled too, feeling as if a huge explosion had occurred nearby.</p>
<p>However, they didn’t hear any corresponding sound, nor did their ears ring continuously.</p>
<p>In the environment where patients, nurses, and doctors had all suddenly become panicked, Zhou Mingrui had a sudden flash of insight and said to Luo Shan in a low voice, “The anomaly from underground?”</p>
<p>“Possibly, I’m not sure either…” Luo Shan didn’t know much more than Zhou Mingrui, she could only guess that Luo Fu might have done something underground, or encountered something.</p>
<p>Zhou Mingrui spoke faster, continuing to ask, “Why can I rescue Luo Fu just by standing in B2?”</p>
<p>Luo Shan stammered in response, “I-It was a guess…</p>
<p>“Be-because there’s something special about you!”</p>
<p><em>As expected…</em> Zhou Mingrui quickly pressed, “What’s special?”</p>
<p>“You… I’m actually not that clear on the specific details.” Luo Shan suddenly realized that if she explained clearly, there might be unexpected changes, so she forced the topic back on track, “I’m not sure if you going to stand in B2 will really be effective. If nothing changes, th-then that’s all we can do. If there are changes, but not enough for Luo Fu to escape, then maybe you’ll need to do something more. What exactly to do depends on the actual situation. At that time, you can choose not to do it, but if you’re willing, I-I will walk in front of you!”</p>
<p>Zhou Mingrui looked at Luo Shan deeply, and after a few seconds of silence, said, “Okay.”</p>
<p><em>Eh…</em> Luo Shan, who had planned to continue pleading, was stunned.</p>
<p>“Let’s go now,” Zhou Mingrui ran towards the corridor leading to the nearest elevator, “Nothing is more important than saving a life!”</p>
<p>Luo Shan hurriedly followed, easily taking the lead in front of Zhou Mingrui.</p>
<p>Their actions were not at all conspicuous in the emergency center where the chaotic state had not yet completely subsided.</p>
<p>Seeing this, Jenna, hiding in the shadows, quietly let out a sigh of relief.</p>
<p>After Zhou Mingrui and Luo Shan had run a distance, she walked out of the shadows, preparing to conceal herself and follow behind, ready to deal with any unexpected situations.</p>
<p>At this moment, she felt a suffocating pain, as if the blood in her body wanted to burst through her skin and splash out.</p>
<p>It was like a deep-sea fish being directly “teleported” into mid-air.</p>
<p>Moreover, Jenna also felt her thoughts stalling and her joints stiffening.</p>
<p><em>About to be kicked out… of the dream?</em></p>
<p><em>Even if it’s… through Luo Shan… at night… indirectly… informing Zhou Mingrui… of Beyonder matters… it will… lead to… oneself… being kicked?</em></p>
<p>Jenna wanted to hold on a bit longer, to see if Zhou Mingrui going to the underground area would bring about good changes, but she was powerless to resist. She had no choice but to leave this world, following the force that was kicking her out of the dream.</p>
<hr />
<p>Trier, inside a luxurious villa.</p>
<p>Standing by Franca’s bed, facing the door of starlight and the grayish-white fog, Madam Justice frowned.</p>
<p>“I can’t sense Two of Cups, I can’t establish contact with her.</p>
<p>“I was clearly using her body as a medium…”</p>
<p>Madam Magician thought for two seconds and said, “In the dream city, apart from what we haven’t explored and don’t know about yet, there are only three places where such a situation would occur, where the connection between soul, consciousness, and body would be severed.</p>
<p>“One is inside the police station, two is Yangdu Prison, and three is the underground area of Mushu Hospital.”</p>
<p>“If she were arrested or imprisoned, Two of Cups wouldn’t be this desperate,” Madam Judgment made a judgment, “She must have entered the underground area of Mushu Hospital, for unknown reasons.”</p>
<p>While Madam Magician and Madam Judgment were thinking and talking, Madam Justice continued to try.</p>
<p>Suddenly, they all turned their heads towards the room where Lumian was sleeping.</p>
<p>At this moment, they felt the ground trembling inexplicably, as if a volcano was erupting deep underground.</p>
<p>This caused all the mirrors and glass windows in the entire villa to make trembling sounds, almost shattering.</p>
<p>After just a few seconds, Madam Justice’s emerald-like eyes suddenly lit up.</p>
<p>“I’ve sensed Two of Cups!” She said while once again sketching transparent symbols in the air that were like dreams and illusions.</p>
<p>As soon as the symbol was completed, it passed through the brilliant starlight door like a butterfly from a dream, diving into the grayish-white fog.</p>
<p>After doing this, Madam Justice said to Madam Judgment and Madam Magician, “Seven of Cups has been kicked out of the dream, we can have her come over to tell us the specific situation.”</p>
<hr />
<p>In the grayish-white fog where a brilliant door of light and an illusory planet stood tall, echoing with words like “Chernobyl”.</p>
<p>Franca gazed at everything before her, her whole being seemingly numb, only her vision becoming increasingly blurred, unable to clear up no matter what.</p>
<p>At this moment, she heard a voice so distant it seemed to come from the edge of the sky, belonging to Madam Justice. “Shout ‘Leodero’ in ancient Hermes.”</p>
<p>Franca suddenly awoke, as if she had just had a long nightmare that she dared not and was unwilling to recall.</p>
<p>Her mouth trembled, not making a sound, as if she wanted to sleep here forever.</p>
<p>After several seconds, Franca finally called out in a low voice, “Leodero!”</p>
<p>Her voice was already hoarse.</p>
<hr />
<p>Above that grayish-white fog, Lumian’s feet stepped on the surface of the thin gas like clouds, but he couldn’t penetrate through to enter inside.</p>
<p>He felt that this fog was highly similar to the fog that sealed off the Samaritan Women’s Spring, and believed that if he still had Mr. Fool’s seal on him, he would definitely be able to fall directly inside, rather than being blocked outside.</p>
<p>After trying two methods and failing, Lumian turned his gaze to his right palm.</p>
<p>The Blood Emperor brand on his palm had undergone some changes when the secret deed ritual was forcibly completed. Its color had become deeper and blacker, no longer like dripping fresh blood, but closer to the dark red of oxidized blood.</p>
<p>And this dark red seemed to have subtly merged with the paleness covering this patch of skin.</p>
<p>Lumian wasn’t yet clear on what such changes would bring, he just wanted to use this brand and the corpse wax candle to quickly perform another secret deed ritual.</p>
<p>Suddenly, in the night sky of the dream city, clouds piled up in layers.</p>
<p>Countless small electric snakes jumped and gathered between these clouds, quickly forming a huge, tree-like lightning bolt.</p>
<p>As soon as this lightning appeared, it crossed the distance between heaven and earth, illuminating the entire city.</p>
<p>It passed over numerous lightning rods, struck into Mushu Hospital, and drilled underground.</p>
<p>The hair on Lumian’s body stood up uncontrollably, and he instinctively took two steps back.</p>
<p>Almost simultaneously, a bright light flashed before his eyes, making him unable to see the deep darkness and grayish-white mist anymore.</p>
<p>The afterimage of a silver-white tree-like lightning remained in his pupils.</p>
<p>When his vision recovered, Lumian found a slowly healing hole had appeared in the grayish-white fog.</p>
<p>He didn’t hesitate, took a step forward, and jumped in.</p>
<p>He passed through the outer fog and landed in front of the brilliant light door, seeing Franca staring blankly at him, with the hair on her skin and some of her head standing up.</p>
<p>Franca’s eyes reflected Lumian, whose gender was constantly switching, but the speed was slowing down, gradually fixing towards the female form.</p>
<p>“Let’s go!” Lumian didn’t say much, grabbed Franca’s arm, and directly activated the black mark on his right shoulder.</p>
<p>Spirit World Traversal!</p>
<p>With the vortex still existing, Lumian could sense some areas of the outside world!</p>
<p>The figures of the two immediately disappeared from in front of the brilliant door of light, with the hole above getting smaller and closer to disappearing.</p>
<p>Lumian, carrying Franca, traveled through the spirit world layered with various color blocks, heading towards the predetermined safe location.</p>
<p>Normally, he would reach the destination in just one second, but for some unknown reason, he now felt as if he was bound by layers of viscous liquid and invisible shackles, moving very slowly, with a trend of getting even slower.</p>
<p>Next, Lumian saw deep, dense darkness sweeping in from “behind”, rushing towards the two of them.</p>
<p>The vortex had disappeared.</p>
<p>In that darkness, there was a blurry, huge figure standing on a lightless water surface, and an ancient mirror slowly outlining.</p>
<p>Lumian gritted his teeth, traveling forward with all his might.</p>
<p>Just as he was about to touch the “exit”, and the dark abyss was about to engulf him and Franca, everything suddenly became calm.</p>
<p>Lumian suddenly felt at ease, like a criminal who had escaped from prison, instantly passing out of the spirit world and arriving in a shadowy corner of the emergency center at Mushu Hospital.</p>
<p>His spiritual intuition told him that Jenna was here.</p>
<hr />
<p>Mushu Hospital, B2.</p>
<p>Zhou Mingrui and Luo Shan, having overcome their intense fear, walked out of the elevator together.</p>
<p>Almost simultaneously, Zhou Mingrui inexplicably felt relaxed, his feelings of fear and dread dissipating completely.</p>
<p>He frowned in confusion and said to Luo Shan, “Where is Luo Fu trapped?”</p>
<p>Luo Shan looked at the dim but normal white corridor outside the elevator lobby, falling into bewilderment and deep thought.</p>
<p>“Shouldn’t it have already completely collapsed…” she muttered to herself.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
