<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1078.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1070-onward" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1070: Onward</h2>
<p>In the sea of grayish-white fog all around, Professor, Periodic Table, and Prototype were either leaning against the ship’s railings, their faces flushed and throbbing, or crouching down covering their ears, curled up, or constantly grabbing and pulling their own hair, as if trying to rip off their skulls to relieve the pressure their brains were bearing.</p>
<p>Seeing their reactions, Franca couldn’t help but look over at Mr. Hanged Man. “Is there a way to alleviate this situation?”</p>
<p>This was a problem that even a Spectator’s Placate could not solve, as it was not mental confusion or an emotional outburst, but simply that their brains could not withstand being flooded with so much knowledge in such a short time, not even able to activate their self-protection mechanisms and pass out.</p>
<p>So Madam Justice had not participated in the actions on the Blue Avenger, nor had she provided corresponding charms. Of course, to bear the power of a demigod, the materials for the charms had more special requirements than before, not something that could be made just by wanting to—unless the power level was deliberately suppressed, making the completed charms only at Sequence 6 or 5 standards.</p>
<p>Mr. Hanged Man thought for a moment and said, “Knock them out, make them lose consciousness.”</p>
<p>This Major Arcana card holder added tentatively, “This might help.”</p>
<p>“Makes sense.” Franca turned her gaze back to Professor and the others, eager to try.</p>
<p>Just then, the condition of Professor and the others eased, the blue veins on their faces no longer protruding, and the hair they pulled out gradually diminished.</p>
<p><em>Phew…</em> Franca secretly let out a sigh of relief.</p>
<p>After another dozen or so seconds, Professor, Periodic Table, and Prototype gradually recovered to normal, although some still looked rather pale, and some were still slightly trembling.</p>
<p>“No wonder you compared the danger we might encounter to the Hidden Sage forcibly infusing knowledge—it’s about the same.” Professor sighed, saying in a puzzled tone, “Those knowledge really came alive, rushing towards us as if they would tear us into pieces if we didn’t study them earnestly.”</p>
<p>This was significantly different from the Hidden Sage’s indoctrination, as Professor and the others had actually had a similar experience before, but the corresponding amount was small and did not cause such severe pain.</p>
<p>Prototype glanced at Franca and Mr. Hanged Man, and asked thoughtfully, “Who is the Celestial Master?”</p>
<p>Franca let out a hollow laugh. “I’ll tell you later.”</p>
<p>She then smiled at Professor and the others. “Your mission is accomplished!”</p>
<p>“Really?”</p>
<p>“We don’t have to do it again?”</p>
<p>“Did it succeed?” Professor and the others asked respectively.</p>
<p>They were clearly more relaxed, with a barely disguised joy in their tone.</p>
<p>Franca exchanged a glance with Mr. Hanged Man and said, “Our part is done, but results from the other side remain unknown.”</p>
<p>Mr. Hanged Man nodded in agreement, raising his right hand towards the Blue Avenger. “Return to port!”</p>
<hr />
<p>In the dark side of Avalon.</p>
<p>The Hermit Cattleya had left the area with the broken stone pillars, escaping the battle with Dragon Scholar Retia.</p>
<p>She was now in a pitch-black corridor, with light seeping in at the end, leading not to a room, but to an open wilderness.</p>
<p>As she walked, Cattleya couldn’t help but look back.</p>
<p>She had actually wanted to stay and help Queen Mystic deal with Retia, but ultimately decided to leave.</p>
<p>This was because, first, she had seen the Queen take out a black crown inlaid with many dark gems; second, she herself was not yet an Angel, and Ugly Duckling could only be used one more time—the brief ten-plus seconds could not turn the tide of battle, and might even affect Queen Mystic’s performance.</p>
<p>And third, she had other things to do.</p>
<p>Cattleya turned her gaze forward, continuing to fly through the pitch-black corridor with a faint light at the end.</p>
<p>She felt that the remaining filth of Avalon was hidden in the darkness that could not be illuminated on the sides, the fallen state of the remaining warlocks, the pain of Beyonders of the same sequence being forcibly infused with knowledge by the Hidden Sage, and the last screams of those who had lost control and gone mad.</p>
<p>She too had once experienced similar pain, teetering on the edge of losing control.</p>
<p>Relying on Mr. Fool, she had initially guaranteed her own safety, and her withdrawal from the battle between Queen Mystic and Retia was to ensure that there were no accidents on The Chariot Lumian’s side, to ensure that all the Beyonders of the Mystery Pryer pathway were rid of this hidden danger, and never had to worry about knowledge infusion day and night.</p>
<p>Of course, knowledge would still spread to individuals, just not as frequently or terribly.</p>
<p>The Hermit Cattleya flew faster and more resolutely, for there were important matters waiting for her ahead.</p>
<p>Finally, she passed through the light at the end of the corridor and arrived in a boundless wilderness.</p>
<p>At this moment, the crimson moon shone from above, casting a faint blood-red hue over the entire wilderness, but without any substantial effect.</p>
<p>Cattleya looked and saw Mr. Chariot Lumian standing by the sunken pit in the depths of the wilderness, and Madam Magician Fors, now in a purple-black robe.</p>
<p>“Is Torriope dead?” The Hermit Cattleya blurted out.</p>
<p>Madam Magician smiled slightly. “At a true god’s own hand and with a restraining ‘tool’, how could Torriope not die?</p>
<p>“I’ve sealed all his Beyonder characteristics, and will distribute them according to Mr. Fool’s wishes after the operation is over.”</p>
<p>As she spoke, the wilderness began to tremble slightly, with soil, weeds, and stones continuously peeling off into the void, though not much.</p>
<p>Avalon was created by Torriope, and now that he was dead, it would naturally wither away.</p>
<p>The Hermit nodded slightly, walking over to Lumian under the not-so-dense crimson moonlight.</p>
<p>She and The Magician stood on the left and right, one in front and one behind, guarding against unexpected occurrences.</p>
<hr />
<p>The crimson full moon hung high in the sky, outshining the sun and making all the continents, oceans, and islands seem to be draped in a faintly sinister red veil.</p>
<p>In the capital of the Rorsted Archipelago, the City of Generosity Bayam, at an outdoor cafe.</p>
<p>Mr. Star Leonard sipped a cup of Fermo coffee with milk and sugar, glancing at the hurrying pedestrians rushing home.</p>
<p>Most people in this world knew that the Blood Moon brought misfortune, a sign of bad things to come!</p>
<p>“Old man, Suah and His brothers have been really patient, not making a move yet, and those Angels secretly serving the Great Mother haven’t made a sound either.” Mr. Star murmured, setting down his bone coffee cup.</p>
<p>An aged voice then sounded in his ear: <em>“If They really attempt to rescue the Hidden Sage, and really come to destroy the Rorsted Archipelago, then it’s not a big problem.</em></p>
<p><em>“The fact that there’s not a stir means trouble.”</em></p>
<p>Mr. Star immediately understood what the old man meant.</p>
<p>This meant that the existence of the Hidden Sage was no longer of great importance to the evil gods’ or the Great Mother’s subsequent plans!</p>
<p>This was troubling.</p>
<p>“Didn’t the Great Mother also intervene and suppress the orthodox gods?” Mr. Star thought aloud.</p>
<p><em>“Since the existence of the Hidden Sage would weaken the resistance forces within the barrier and reduce the chances of new gods being born, They should certainly try to save Him, but it’s no longer a key issue, something They can choose to do or not do.”</em> The aged voice responded simply.</p>
<p>The Star Leonard picked up his coffee again, chuckling. “Indeed, there’s a sense that the situation is gradually worsening, that the apocalypse is coming and there’s nothing that can be done to change it.”</p>
<p>After taking a sip of coffee, this demigod of the Church of Evernight, a Major Arcana card holder, sobered his expression and said in a low voice, “But no matter what, we have to save ourselves.</p>
<p>“No matter what, getting rid of the Hidden Sage is a good thing, and can increase the hope of resisting the apocalypse.”</p>
<p>With that, he raised his head, gazing at the sinister crimson moon.</p>
<p>The moonlight seemed to drip with blood.</p>
<hr />
<p>In the mysterious unknown realm.</p>
<p>Compared to before, several mountain peaks had now emerged, a vast sea appeared, and countless crevices formed.</p>
<p>The Hidden Sage’s location was also composed of information, and with the Fooling, the information would naturally undergo various changes, creating the current environment.</p>
<p>After nearly twenty seconds of battle, the Hidden Sage, who had still not recovered from the surprise attack, was finally pierced by the star-studded cane.</p>
<p>The ethereal glow of the complex information, like a giant serpent, suddenly collapsed towards the tip of the cane, towards a certain point within.</p>
<p>The dissolved glow crumbled inch by inch, the countless information squeezed together, compressed into a dark spherical ball, and with the withdrawal of the star-studded cane, it exploded outward with a thunderous sound.</p>
<p>The overall structure of the information was thus destroyed.</p>
<p>Stream after stream of information fell and dissipated, and from among them emerged a faint crimson.</p>
<p>These crimsons grew rapidly, about to coalesce together, bringing new life.</p>
<p>With a gesture of The Fool’s star-studded cane, the surrounding void bent down, herding all the crimsons together, sealing them within a small ethereal dark sphere.</p>
<p>The ethereal sphere, along with the gathered crimsons, instantly vanished.</p>
<p>However, after the disintegrating information and crimson light completely disappeared, no Beyonder characteristics were extracted, nor did a Uniqueness emerge.</p>
<p>The Fool, in the black coat, suddenly turned his gaze to the other side of the unknown realm, towards the end of the sea.</p>
<p>An ethereal glow resembling a giant serpent suddenly emerged there, then turned into a shadowy mass with countless black and white distinct eyes.</p>
<p>Backup and hidden information!</p>
<p>The Hidden Sage still had more than one such hidden backup information!</p>
<p>The countless distinct black and white eyes spun rapidly, each coalescing into ethereal and complex symbols, flooding The Fool’s mind with a terrifying amount of useless knowledge.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
