<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1007.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1000-gaze" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1000: Gaze</h2>
<p>Jenna looked at the smile on Franca’s face and listened to her calm words tinged with self-mockery. She suddenly felt a lump in her throat.</p>
<p>Her gaze swept over the monster children about to break through the newest ice wall, over the collapse that had already swallowed the transfer bed and the orderly. She bit her lip hard and said, “Okay…”</p>
<p>The rest of her words got stuck in her throat, as if ice had melted into hot water.</p>
<p>She could only tell herself that future problems would be solved in the future, and that they would surely find a solution!</p>
<p>Franca estimated the time and began preparing the Despair potion using the black eyeball from the reanimated corpse and the corresponding supplementary materials. Jenna allowed the wet feeling to spread from the corner of her eye to the edge of her face while focusing on blocking the approach of the monster children.</p>
<p>She no longer created her own Disease, leaving these oddly-shaped targets all to Franca.</p>
<p>After the monster children were born, she had also been quietly spreading mystical pathogens.</p>
<p>Luo Shan, who was bewildered and inexplicably terrified by the conversation between the two, also reined in her thoughts and began adding various patterns to Jenna’s ice wall to enhance its defense.</p>
<p>In the burst of light, the monster children were unable to break through the ice wall in the shortest time and advance further.</p>
<p>Behind them, the floor tiles of the corridor, the walls on both sides, and the ceiling above kept collapsing. The bottomless dark abyss was getting closer and closer to them.</p>
<p>After a while, some of the monster children began to cough violently, coughing so hard that they slid down from the surface of the ice wall. Others became rigid and could no longer move smoothly.</p>
<p>Those crowded outside the ice wall, separated from Jenna and the others by several meters, were finally caught up by the collapse.</p>
<p>They surged forward like a tide but couldn’t get past the bodies of their siblings.</p>
<p>They began to fall towards the dense darkness hiding unknown terrors.</p>
<p>Strong feelings of despair emanated from them, rapidly spreading to their companions clinging to the ice wall surface as their conditions worsened.</p>
<p><em>Now!</em> Franca raised the bottle, bringing the deep purple potion bubbling with rosy bubbles to her lips.</p>
<p>She drank it without hesitation.</p>
<p>The potion had no taste, or perhaps Franca could no longer distinguish its taste.</p>
<p>She only felt her spirit and thoughts rapidly falling into a lightless, enclosed darkness, plummeting towards an unknown depth.</p>
<p>Something seemed to be calling her there.</p>
<p>Trier, inside a luxurious villa.</p>
<p>Franca, sleeping on the bed, still had her eyes tightly shut, but her hair eerily began to float, gradually growing longer, darker, and thicker.</p>
<p>Madam Judgment, standing guard in the villa’s living room, instantly sensed something and Blinked into Franca’s room.</p>
<p>Looking at the transformed Franca, Madam Judgment didn’t rush to act. Instead, she took out a charm made of gray-white dragon scales, activated it, and made it ethereal.</p>
<p>“There’s been a change in the dream. Two of Cups was forced to advance to Demoness of Despair within the dream,” Madam Judgment’s words combined with the ethereal charm, quickly becoming transparent and merging into the night sky.</p>
<p>At this moment, Madam Judgment felt a certain gaze, a gaze from the Traveler’s Bag, from an unknown place, a gaze upon Franca.</p>
<p>Dream city, Mushu Hospital, B2.</p>
<p>Franca’s consciousness and spirit floated and fell within the enclosed darkness. She felt countless invisible threads of intense despair extending from the outside world, following their mystical connections to grasp her body.</p>
<p>At the same time, she saw two brilliant starry lights.</p>
<p>Those were the people she cared about, and who cared about her, the anchors that let her know who she was!</p>
<p>The groggy Franca gradually regained clarity, vaguely sensing a gaze full of resentment, hatred, and expectation watching her from somewhere in the deep darkness.</p>
<p>Suddenly, her Traveler’s Bag outside the spiritual world began to vibrate, a vibration she could clearly perceive.</p>
<p>It was the Primordial Demoness figurine carved from white bone that was noticeably trembling.</p>
<p>At the same time, Franca discovered an indescribable gaze from above directed at her, penetrating through layers of mirror worlds!</p>
<p>Her hair instantly turned completely black, floating in the air like tentacles, with their tips swelling into spheres, as if about to open into numerous eyes.</p>
<p>Franca’s face became even more beautiful, emanating a charm that even made Luo Shan, a girl who preferred the opposite sex, unable to look away, her heart pounding, like a moth throwing itself into the fire.</p>
<p>Franca struggled to open her eyes and spoke in a voice that seemed to pluck at the strings of the soul, “It’s done…”</p>
<p>Jenna stopped maintaining the ice wall and activated the Ice Mirror Charm she had been holding.</p>
<p>In the crystalline light, she felt the surface of the mirror in her other hand ripple with a faint glow, losing its rock-solid texture.</p>
<p>They really could pass through and leave via the mirror world!</p>
<p>The barrier had been broken!</p>
<p>Moreover, Jenna discovered that the dangers previously hidden in the mirror world had also disappeared.</p>
<p>This was beyond her expectations. She had originally thought that the Primordial Demoness’s gaze could break through the obstacles and connect to the mirror world, which would have been impressive enough. She never imagined it could actually dispel the hidden dangers.</p>
<p>This was also Franca’s confusion.</p>
<p>She struggled to tell Jenna and Luo Shan, “Both of you… go first…”</p>
<p>She was still fighting against the potion’s impact, transforming her body, and temporarily unable to move.</p>
<p>If the mirror world hadn’t suppressed this advancement to Sequence 7 level, she wouldn’t even have been able to speak at this stage!</p>
<p>Jenna didn’t hesitate. She gave Franca a deep look, grabbed Luo Shan’s arm, and plunged into the compact mirror in her hand.</p>
<p>The compact mirror then fell to the ground as the surrounding ice wall completely collapsed.</p>
<p>However, the monster children closest to Franca had all been infected with severe illness and were no longer able to approach or attack.</p>
<p>In the mirror world, Jenna led Luo Shan through a surreal tunnel, heading towards a corresponding mirror guided by their spirituality.</p>
<p>In the blink of an eye, they reached a new area behind the mirror, able to leave the current world.</p>
<p>Jenna suddenly sensed something and turned her head to look into the depths of the mirror world.</p>
<p>It seemed that some dangerous entity had awakened slightly there, instantly filling the entire mirror world with a sense of terror.</p>
<p>Silently, the mirror world completely collapsed.</p>
<p>“Franca…” Jenna’s pupils dilated as she softly called out her companion’s name.</p>
<p>The scene before her eyes meant that Franca would temporarily be unable to escape via the mirror world, and by the time the mirror world recovered, the Primordial Demoness’s gaze would likely have ended, and the force isolating the inside from the outside would reappear!</p>
<p>Blood trickled from Jenna’s lips as she endured the pain invading her mind. Before the terrifying collapse of the mirror world could rapidly spread to them, she pulled Luo Shan and emerged from the mirror surface.</p>
<p>She knew that blindly returning would only lead to them getting lost in the spatiotemporal turbulence deep in the mirror world, which would be of no help in rescuing Franca.</p>
<p>She planned to go to the first floor of Mushu Hospital and take the elevator back to the underground area!</p>
<p>At this moment, Franca, still in the process of advancing, also discovered the collapse of the mirror world.</p>
<p>She then felt violent tremors like an earthquake at the bottom of the dark abyss.</p>
<p>It was as if certain entities hidden in the dark abyss had been stimulated by the collapsing force of the mirror world and were reacting.</p>
<p>With these tremors, the corridor beneath Franca’s feet that had not yet been affected by the collapse suddenly gave way, carrying her and hundreds of monster children into the bottomless dark abyss.</p>
<p><em>Dammit!</em> Franca hadn’t expected this development.</p>
<p>The despair of those monster children became even more intense, solidifying into substance. Franca was also uncontrollably enveloped by the emotions of despair.</p>
<p>This helped her through the final stage of her advancement, causing her floating thick black hair to fall back around her, no longer abnormal, and restoring some of its flaxen color.</p>
<p>Gritting her teeth, Franca used the Demoness’s feather-fall technique to slow her descent, allowing her some degree of control.</p>
<p>She chose to move away from the intense psychological shadow she had sensed earlier, that thing resembling a giant shroud, which would surely make her wish for death.</p>
<p>She drifted towards other areas, taking a gamble.</p>
<p><em>What if the psychological traumas in other parts of the abyss, though intense, aren’t fatally dangerous?</em></p>
<p><em>As a human, one must hold onto some hope, not give up entirely and fall into complete despair!</em></p>
<hr />
<p>Jenna emerged from the metal mirror surface of the elevator lobby doors with Luo Shan, immediately seeing the female version of Lumian who had just lifted her gaze from the shaking ground.</p>
<p>She wasn’t surprised to see Lumian here and blurted out, “Franca is below, not at B1!</p>
<p>“The mirror world has collapsed!”</p>
<p>Lumian’s eyes instantly narrowed.</p>
<p>He didn’t ask for details but said directly, “Go to the emergency center and find Zhou Mingrui. See if you can get him to help and go to the underground area.</p>
<p>“As for the rest, leave it to me. I’ll handle it.”</p>
<p><em>Zhou Mingrui is at Mushu Hospital now?</em> Both Jenna and Luo Shan were shocked.</p>
<p>Before Jenna could speak, Lumian added in a deep voice, “I had anticipated scenarios where we might have to enter the bottom of Mushu Hospital to attempt sabotage and made some preparations.</p>
<p>“Everyone has their own task. Finding Zhou Mingrui is equally important!”</p>
<p>As he spoke, Lumian had already reached the elevator and pressed the down arrow.</p>
<p>Jenna’s vision suddenly blurred.</p>
<p>She didn’t stubbornly insist, but gave a terse response and pulled Luo Shan towards the emergency center.</p>
<p>She knew they couldn’t put all their eggs in one basket. She knew she couldn’t be selfish now. She knew that without godhood, even if she went to the bottom of Mushu Hospital, she probably couldn’t be of much help and might even burden Lumian and Franca.</p>
<p>She wished she didn’t know these things.</p>
<p>At this moment, she felt her own weakness due to the intense pain, and because of her weakness, she felt even more pain, giving rise to an extreme desire and motivation to change this situation.</p>
<p>Her Affliction potion was fully digested.</p>
<p>Lumian entered the elevator and pressed the “B2” button.</p>
<p>As the elevator began to descend, Lumian looked at his stunningly beautiful reflection in the metal mirror surface with a grim expression.</p>
<p>When the elevator stopped and the doors opened, he quickly stepped out and looked towards the area outside the elevator.</p>
<p>What met his eyes was a darkness as black as an abyss with no visible bottom.</p>
<p>Lumian’s gaze instantly froze.</p>
<p>Suddenly, a voice sounded from a dark corner of the elevator lobby. “Child of God.”</p>
<p>Lumian abruptly turned his head to see a person standing in the shadows by the emergency exit.</p>
<p>It was Lu Yong’an, the dean of obstetrics at Mushu Hospital and a bestowed of the Great Mother.</p>
<p>Lu Yong’an’s face was shrouded in darkness. She looked at Lumian and said in a low voice, “To save someone from there, one can only beseech the Mother’s help.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
