<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1115.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1107-role" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1107: Role</h2>
<p><em>The Original Creator—in the mirror? Has the Primordial Demoness gone mad? To actually give Herself such a title, and moreover, to actually be able to point to Herself?</em> Franca had originally prepared herself mentally not to be shocked or surprised, to prevent the Demoness of Black from launching a surprise attack, but the actual situation still exceeded her expectations.</p>
<p>The honorific name “The Female Body of the Primordial God Almighty” was actually understandable after her initial shock—Lumian had previously suspected that the great terror deep within the special mirror world was related to the resurrection of the Primordial God Almighty, so the Primordial Demoness, who was closely involved with this matter and controlled it to a certain extent, quietly becoming “The Female Body of the Primordial God” was terrifying but not entirely unexpected.</p>
<p>But “The Original Creator—the Oldest One—in the mirror” completely surpassed their imagination!</p>
<p><em>Why would the Primordial Demoness think She could bear such a title?</em></p>
<p><em>What great terror had She and Alista Tudor actually orchestrated deep within the special mirror world?</em></p>
<p><em>Could it be that They are about to destroy and recreate the world?</em></p>
<hr />
<p>Deep within the special mirror world.</p>
<p>Primordial Demoness Cheek seemed like someone who hadn’t had anyone to talk to for a long time or perhaps harbored some dangerous intention. Ignoring the frozen thoughts of the statue-like Lumian, She let out a low, ragged breath as cracks spread in the grayish-white surface, laughing in a rising and falling rhythm as She spoke,</p>
<p>“Plus, huff… the mirror world belongs to the Demoness pathway, huff…</p>
<p>“The answer becomes… huff… very… huff… very clear…</p>
<p>“The Original Creator—the Oldest One—in the mirror…”</p>
<p>Lumian’s mind was like fireworks exploding, with colors of all kinds, both beautiful and dangerous.</p>
<p>His face was cupped by those pure white, delicate hands, with bare arms like white jade art pieces connecting to the torso that had drawn a final line with charm itself. Countless black hairs, snake-like, glided all over his body, slick with a hint of sweat.</p>
<p>The marvelous female voice that made Lumian’s very soul want to draw near sometimes was on his left side, sometimes ran to his right, sometimes descended to his chest with a wet sensation.</p>
<p>“The Primordial God Almighty… hoh… who accommodated the City of Calamity, knows very well… huff… this point…</p>
<p>“His resurrection arrangement… huff… had one part in the Chaos Sea and the five pathways corresponding to the Chaos Sea… huff… and another part hidden in the City of Calamity… huff… hidden in the Demoness and Hunter pathways…</p>
<p>“When the Demoness who commands chaos… huff… meets and combines with the Red Priest, huff, He will become the Trinity, in the City of Calamity, within the Chaos Demoness and the Red Priest… huff… simultaneously resurrecting, ultimately… hoh… forming a whole, returning in the mirror…</p>
<p>“Huff… but He perished too early, some things were not quite like the expected and arranged…</p>
<p>“The City of Calamity… huff… was sealed in the Western Continent, preventing Him from quickly becoming the Trinity, gathering all calamities, and moreover… huff… there was another change on the City of Calamity’s side…</p>
<p>“His consciousness revived in me and Tudor, oh, Tudor, but without the City of Calamity’s resonance and linkage, that consciousness grew very slowly… huff… suppressed and controlled by us…</p>
<p>“And, hoh… the place where we consummated was not the ordinary mirror world… huff… but the special mirror world created by Bethel…</p>
<p>“Bethel had already accommodated… huff… the Uniqueness of the Door pathway and all Sequence 1 Beyonder characteristics… huff… and by the special nature of the Door pathway, self-sealed to prevent convergence, stopping Himself from becoming a god… hoh… but He also sensed the terrifying revival of the Celestial Worthy within Him… huff… The Fourth Epoch was not suitable for the three Mysteries pathways to become divine…</p>
<p>“Bethel created the special mirror world… huff… voluntarily, but whether there was an influence from godhood, no one knows…</p>
<p>“When the initial feminine and masculine sides, the consciousness of the Primordial God Almighty, and the special mirror world created by the Mysteries pathways combined, the development of things deviated from the Primordial God Almighty’s arrangement!”</p>
<p>The female voice, now slightly hoarse, no longer panted and suddenly became high-pitched, like a swan forcefully bending its neck backward.</p>
<p><em>The Oldest One’s body of both male and female… plus the power of the two direct pillars belonging to the Oldest One…</em> Lumian, who had fallen into hell from desire, suddenly understood why the mirrored Original Creator—the Oldest One—had appeared.</p>
<p>In this matter, the Celestial Worthy unconsciously or with a bit of consciousness applied influence, trying to prevent the Primordial God Almighty’s resurrection. As a result, the development exceeded everyone’s expectations. A true, unknown great horror was born in the depths of the special mirror world, causing the Celestial Worthy’s plan to defeat Mr. Fool by using the Mirror Person’s “splitting oneself to clinch victory” to suffer a complete failure.</p>
<p>The female voice was no longer hoarse, becoming low and gentle, very smooth.</p>
<p>“The mirrored Original Creator—the Oldest One—was thus born, but His consciousness was very weak, like all newborn infants…</p>
<p>“This gives me and you a chance, not only to suppress the Primordial One’s revival of His consciousness but also a chance to become the true Creator…</p>
<p>“This is also dangerous, and the corresponding effort is the craziest behavior in this world, but you’re not afraid—this is when you’re most charming…</p>
<p>“Tudor and I attempted to merge with the Original Creator—the Oldest One—in the mirror, one bearing the feminine side, one containing the masculine side, and then use this to control the City of Calamity, so we can be both separated and joined, both unified and contradictory, both whole and divided…</p>
<p>“This seems to be the only way for the Oldest One to stably exist, an unverified method…</p>
<p>“Now you’ve come, you even have the twin child of the Mother Goddess of Depravity on you, the seal of the River of Eternal Darkness. With all of this combined, the mirrored Original Creator—the Oldest One—might be able to enter reality…</p>
<p>“By then, the mirror world will have a sun, will have a moon, will have stars, will have everything from the outside world, becoming exactly the same as reality…”</p>
<p>The gentle and smooth female voice gradually became heavy, mixing up the use of “you” and “Tudor” pronouns, seemingly wanting “you” and “Tudor” to ultimately become the same.</p>
<p>It carried a hint of laughter, and sweet lips blocked Lumian’s mouth, the voice echoing in his oral cavity.</p>
<p>“Adam wanted to nurture you to accommodate the City of Calamity, but the first time I saw you, I felt that this body was prepared for Tudor and me. You should not become the Origins of Disaster, the Calamity of Destruction, you should be the Original Creator—the Oldest One—in the mirror, be Tudor, also be Cheek…”</p>
<p>At this point, the tongue that brought countless stimulations and pleasures retracted, sighing and reminiscing. “Our attempts gradually bore fruit, we could truly merge, but Adam sensed something was wrong. Those fellows also had a dangerous premonition, and the War of the Four Emperors broke out…</p>
<p>“Some wanted to deal with us, others attacked their enemies in the chaos…</p>
<p>“I actually wanted to kill Adam before we started trying, to prevent Him from discovering our plan. You also supported this, but that fellow ran faster than anyone and hid deeper than anyone…</p>
<p>“Unfortunately, our union was not yet complete, and we had so many enemies…</p>
<p>“In the last moment, Tudor wanted to forcibly complete the merger, using this to pull all other sefirot from the Western Continent, dragging the entire world to die, waiting for the Creator’s symbolic manifestation in death…</p>
<p>“This was too crazy. Our dream was not yet complete, we had not yet become the Original Creator—the Oldest One—in the mirror. I decided to let you die for a while, and then resurrect you later…</p>
<p>“I dealt Tudor the critical blow. Salinger completed His life’s culling, sending His soul into the River of Eternal Darkness…</p>
<p>“Later, I went to Salinger, to resurrect you, to make Him deal with those seven self-proclaimed orthodox gods…</p>
<p>“Salinger, influenced by someone, actually relied on a tributary of the River of Eternal Darkness to forcibly accommodate the Red Priest’s Uniqueness, going half-mad…</p>
<p>“This was good. This way, you would have a chance to resurrect in His body, and a half-mad person is easier to manipulate…</p>
<p>“I wanted to manipulate Him to collect Tudor’s corpse in Fourth Epoch Trier, merge it with Himself, manipulate Him to touch the special mirror world, so you could be resurrected…</p>
<p>“Everything was originally going smoothly, but then an accident occurred…”</p>
<p>The female voice suddenly became heavy, as if suppressing Her own madness.</p>
<p>“Salinger’s forced accommodation of the Red Priest’s Uniqueness actually caused an aberration in the Original Creator—the Oldest One—in the mirror, producing a certain self-awareness…</p>
<p>“She was exactly like me, just preferring to wear a black bone dress. She even said She was a pure female, heh, sometimes I can’t help but wonder if it’s not that the mirrored Original Creator—the Oldest One—gained self-awareness, but that my own spirit and personality split…</p>
<p>“To suppress Her, to continue merging, I had to let the consciousness of the Primordial God Almighty in me further revive, seeking a certain balance…</p>
<p>“Since then, I’ve had to suppress the Primordial One’s consciousness while fighting against the black version of myself, spending most of my time here, unable to effectively interfere with the outside world…</p>
<p>“Fortunately, the problem is not severe, only that my direct descendants and I will intermittently experience separation and loss of personality, spirit, consciousness, and memory…”</p>
<p>As she spoke, when Lumian reached an unprecedented state of pleasure, the female voice laughed.</p>
<p>“Now, your state is suitable, you will be equivalent to Tudor…</p>
<p>“Do not expect help from The Fool. He has only just initially awakened and is not yet a truly great existence. The mirrored Creator influenced by me is enough to block Him…</p>
<p>“As for Adam’s side, there are other problems…”</p>
<p>In Lumian’s blurry vision, a pair of white, smooth arms that seemed to have a luster lifted a somewhat peculiar crown, rusty and stained with blood.</p>
<p>The crown quickly became ethereal, seemingly reduced to countless tiny light points while maintaining its overall shape.</p>
<p>The beautiful hand at the end of the white arm brought the “crown” to Lumian’s head, as if to help him wear it.</p>
<p>No, not wear—those hands forcibly pressed the “crown” into Lumian’s head, without any supplementary ingredients or advancement ritual.</p>
<p>Simultaneously, more white arms appeared, along with the snake-like black hair, entwining Lumian’s body in various ways.</p>
<p>Suddenly, a beautiful face pressed close to Lumian’s head, with pink lips sighing with joy and satisfaction.</p>
<p>“Who you are is not important…</p>
<p>“What you want to do is not important either…</p>
<p>“What’s important is the role you’re playing…”</p>
<p>This voice, soft and gentle, echoed outward.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
