<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1175.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1166-battle-royale" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1166: Battle Royale</h2>
<p>When Amanises became Eternal Darkness, on a distant planet at the edge of the universe, Red Angel Medici was leading an angelic legion. Though fewer in number at Sequence 1 compared to Their enemies, They had more Sequence 2 Beyonders equipped with Grade 0 Sealed Artifacts as They fought against the invading Outer Deity Blessed.</p>
<p>Within this legion, Azik Eggers suddenly noticed His soul’s condition improving while the decay powers nearby were suppressed and weakened. Pale Empress Sia Palenque Eggers experienced the same.</p>
<p>They immediately understood the reason—tinged with both melancholy and relief.</p>
<p>Eternal Darkness had been born.</p>
<p>From now on, the Underworld would no longer be without a master. Eternal rest would have a destination, and even time would have an end!</p>
<p>Across many planets in different star systems, corpses that had been summoned with great difficulty suddenly “slept” once again. Civilizations beleaguered by undead plagues were astonished to find that all their undead creatures had collapsed lifelessly in the wilderness…</p>
<p>Among the myriad changes brought by the strengthened symbolism, Eternal Darkness Amanises simultaneously struck at the five Great Old Dominators with Her terrifying dusk-orange greatsword and Her dark, bizarre scythe, while opening the book formed of coiled feathered serpents.</p>
<p>Suddenly, dusk was consumed by darkness, pallor faded into eternal rest, and time and space fell silent—as if they had been swept into that colorless, shadowy river.</p>
<p>The straight river surged forward, aiming to carry the five Great Old Dominators to the ultimate stillness of death.</p>
<p>The final destination was tranquility.</p>
<p>At this moment, watery streams of time appeared ahead of the River of Eternal Darkness.</p>
<p>These emanated from the Monarch of Decay, whose body was the size of a planet, covered entirely in golden plating resembling an alien mummy. Between the gaps of the golden plates, greenish-yellow pus oozed out, slowing the flow of the River of Eternal Darkness and dragging the region’s time toward its conclusion.</p>
<p>The Monarch of Decay extended His left hand, which was not covered by gold. It was riddled with blue veins, rotting flesh, yellow-green blood vessels, and deeply wrinkled skin.</p>
<p>This hand blocked the surging Eternal Darkness.</p>
<p>Everything fell still. All light vanished. Two nearby planets were reduced to dust but remained frozen in place.</p>
<p>In the still and unchanging dark silence, a massive sword wreathed in black flames that bound destruction and chaos pierced through the stillness, breaking the silence with its sound.</p>
<p>It came from beyond the darkness, slashing toward the Monarch of Decay, who was still partially trapped by the Eternal Darkness.</p>
<p>Its arrival subtly but terrifyingly altered the deathly stillness, and these changes would manifest upon the Monarch of Decay.</p>
<p>Origins of Disaster Lumian had descended.</p>
<p>As the Sword of Destruction, which drove the still dark silence, was about to strike the Monarch of Decay, silver-black light appeared in Lumian’s eyes.</p>
<p>It came from the Circle of Inevitability.</p>
<p>Lumian and the Circle of Inevitability were meeting in the truest sense—after Lumian had become the Calamity of Destruction with only a few minutes left to live.</p>
<p>The mercury-like Present Self of the Circle of Inevitability had, at some unknown moment, contorted into a visage of pain and suffering, clasping its hands before it.</p>
<p>He was using the Sufferer’s power to reenact His past torments and impose them upon Lumian.</p>
<p>Almost simultaneously, Lumian felt an unimaginably massive suction force that diverted him and the Sword of Destruction away from the Monarch of Decay, pulling him toward the Circle of Inevitability.</p>
<p>This was the aftermath of the Original Creator’s awakening—when portions of sefirot had been torn away and drawn to Earth.</p>
<p>At that time, the Circle of Inevitability had also been affected, enduring great suffering to prevent His sefirah from being forcibly extracted or split. Now, He was imposing that “torment” upon Lumian to draw him closer and protect the Monarch of Decay from serious harm.</p>
<p>If the Mother Goddess of Depravity, Mother Tree of Desire, or Son of Chaos had similar Sufferer powers and used them now, Lumian would have suffered tremors in his sefirah, rendering him weak and incapable of using his powers for a short time—even if his sefirah wasn’t wholly extracted or partially consumed.</p>
<p>For now, his attack target was merely forcibly redirected, without any additional effects.</p>
<p>While the Present Self of the Circle of Inevitability wielded the Sufferer’s power, the quiet mercury-like River of Fate emerged, and the Future Self selected one tributary, forming a hand seal to anchor it in place.</p>
<p>Lumian’s Sword of Destruction struck toward the Circle of Inevitability but narrowly missed, grazing His body.</p>
<p>Meanwhile, Lumian clenched both hands on either side.</p>
<p>Before the Circle of Inevitability, chaos encompassing all colors and possibilities formed a vortex. Behind Him, a black hole with an accretion disk symbolizing His existence emerged out of thin air.</p>
<p>Calamity of Destruction!</p>
<p>Lumian wasn’t merely trying to annihilate the Circle of Inevitability within this calamity; he also sought to leverage the destructive effects of the black hole on time and space to delay the High-Dimensional Overseer, Primordial Hunger, and Inextinguishable Ravings, buying more time for the Celestial Master and the God of Steam and Machinery.</p>
<p>Amid the double calamity, the three continuously orbiting bodies of the Circle of Inevitability resembled a small boat in a tempestuous sea, always precariously skimming the vortex and black hole’s uncertain regions and weak spots—dangerously close yet never succumbing, as if predestined to remain unaffected here.</p>
<p>Elsewhere, the dark shadow traversing dimensions was slowed by the terrifying black hole and chaotic vortex, taking an entire second longer to ascend dimensions before lunging toward the sefirah holders such as the Celestial Master.</p>
<p>No one could discern what had affected the Inextinguishable Ravings, only that the frenzied voice in their hearts paused for a second before resuming and distancing itself from the Origins of Disaster and Eternal Darkness.</p>
<p>Both Inextinguishable Ravings and the High-Dimensional Overseer deemed sefirot easier to handle than the great existences like Lumian and Amanises—and among those sefirot lay what They desired most. Thus, They stayed behind to help the Monarch of Decay and the Circle of Inevitability to swiftly incapacitate and restrain Their opponents.</p>
<p>They abandoned Their allies and charged straight toward weaker prey that They coveted more intensely.</p>
<p>No, not allies—since the injury and retreat of the Uncertain Mist, They and the Monarch of Decay, as well as the Circle of Inevitability, could not even be considered temporary allies.</p>
<p>Primordial Hunger greedily bit into the chaotic vortex, but influenced by the symbolism of the Origins of Disaster, He failed to devour the corresponding abilities and authorities.</p>
<p>Nevertheless, He managed to create a gap through His bite, allowing Him to charge toward His target.</p>
<p>At this moment, Lumian felt a sudden wave of disappointment.</p>
<p>It wasn’t because he had only managed to stall the High-Dimensional Overseer, Inextinguishable Ravings, and Primordial Hunger for one second. Rather, his spiritual intuition had finally confirmed one thing: this was not the end of the universe. The Origins of Disaster could not merge with Eternal Darkness to form the Fourth Pillar, symbolizing the final end!</p>
<p>In other words, it wasn’t the birth of the Fourth Pillar that would bring about the end of the universe, but the universe reaching its true apocalypse that would give rise to the Fourth Pillar. The current conditions were not sufficient.</p>
<p>Thus, if the situation became hopeless, Lumian would have no way to surrender himself, allowing the Origins of Disaster to integrate with Eternal Darkness, thereby birthing the Fourth Pillar to drag everyone into death and restart the universe.</p>
<p>He had lost a crucial deterrent.</p>
<p>White mist then enshrouded the star dominion, and Lumian began suppressing the perceptions of all the Great Old Dominators present.</p>
<p>Under the cover of the Fog of War, Lumian, wielding the Sword of Destruction, projected his thoughts into the mind of Eternal Darkness Amanises. <em>“Become my ally.”</em></p>
<p>Amanises, holding the dusk-orange greatsword, the dark scythe, and the strange book, hesitated not at all. She gently nodded and replied, “Okay.”</p>
<p>The moment She agreed, Her perception was restored, and She shared in all of Lumian’s abilities and authorities—but not his symbolisms. It wasn’t entirely impossible to share symbolisms, but the sharer could only utilize them to a limited extent.</p>
<p>The same applied to Lumian.</p>
<p>Elsewhere on the battlefield, the High-Dimensional Overseer, wielding the symbolism of Truth, was unaffected by the Fog of War. He lowered His spatial dimensions and appeared before the Nation of Disorder’s 33 levels.</p>
<p>The Celestial Thearch’s projection was just shy of completing its preparations and couldn’t react in time. At that moment, the decayed figures wandering across the Knowledge Moor all gathered behind the Celestial Master.</p>
<p>The God of Steam and Machinery, Stiano, sat inside a formation. Across from Him was something He had painstakingly constructed over a long period, specifically designed to temporarily wield the Uniqueness of the Hermit pathway.</p>
<p>It was a massive figure draped in a black cloak. Beneath the hood, the figure’s visage shimmered with cold metallic light, with red beams shooting from its eyes.</p>
<p>At last, the Celestial Master opened His eyes and stood up.</p>
<p>He grew incomparably massive, forcing the High-Dimensional Overseer to look up at Him first.</p>
<p>An infinite height away, a pair of indifferent, clear, emotionless eyes appeared, seeming to contain an entire universe.</p>
<p>Under His gaze, the Celestial Master rapidly thinned, becoming a paper figurine and melding into the surrounding scenery as part of a painting.</p>
<p>This was the Lord of Dimensions, the Eye Overlooking the Mortal Realm, the source of all illusions, and the Creator of the Painting World!</p>
<p>The Celestial Master, now part of the painting as a paper figurine, swiftly turned incorporeal, transforming into a torrent of complex and massive information, thereby breaking free from the confines of the “painting.”</p>
<p>Information was not restricted by lower dimensions.</p>
<p>Humans were conglomerations of information, and paintings were as well!</p>
<p>With the Celestial Master buying time, the Celestial Thearch’s projection finally completed His final step. Holding a brass book, He stood up, His grand voice echoing in layers and rapidly transmitting His intent, “The Three Realms and Six Paths shall unite as one!”</p>
<p>In an instant, all dimensions—higher, lower, and the current one—became interconnected, as though overlaid with layer upon layer of glass barriers.</p>
<p>As a result, the High-Dimensional Overseer could no longer increase dimensions unscathed, nor could the Celestial Thearch’s projection lower dimensions without maintaining His influence on the battlefield.</p>
<p>With their companions’ resistance in place, the Buddhist Kingdom of Light fully retracted, transforming into a massive golden Buddha that filled the heavens and the earth, though it appeared somewhat illusory.</p>
<p>Within the Tenebrous World, countless black shadows gathered, coalescing into a pitch-black fiend dripping with viscous fluid. The fiend had two heads—one belonging to the Master of the Shadow Cottage and the other to Farbauti.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
