<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1141.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1132-authority" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1132: Authority</h2>
<p>In the grayish-white cavern-like special mirror world, only the strands of black hair, as thick as rainforest trees, retained their original color, either shooting toward the sky or wrapping around Lumian from all directions.</p>
<p>After being gazed upon by Primordial Demoness Cheek, Lumian’s body suddenly petrified. A large swath of grayish-white swiftly spread over the central and right heads on his shoulders, turning them into stone sculptures.</p>
<p>The next second, the petrification abruptly halted, stopping just before it reached the chaotic vortex face embedded with 0-01, which no longer wore the dark gold mask.</p>
<p>The petrifying power fused into the vortex without any effect.</p>
<p>“Haha! This head is indeed useful!” Lumian’s laughter boomed from the vortex face, reverberating with a buzzing echo.</p>
<p>As the voice rang out, his body ignited with formless, colorless flames.</p>
<p>Amidst crackling sounds, chunks of grayish-white peeled off his surface, and the flames reconstructed his enormous body.</p>
<p>Lumian raised his right hand and pulled Salinger’s Blood Banner, embedded in the vortex’s forehead, free.</p>
<p>As he did, the left head on his shoulder turned, and the softened features of Alista Tudor’s face came into view, gazing upward.</p>
<p>His expression seemed dissatisfied, almost chastising, as if silently questioning Primordial Demoness Cheek, clothed in a bone-white dress: <em>Why do you resist? Why not surrender willingly?</em></p>
<p><em>Isn’t our union something you’ve always desired?</em></p>
<p>Utilizing Blood Emperor Alista Tudor’s face, Lumian wielded the dangerous banner that matched his fiery giant body and swung it at Primordial Demoness Cheek, whose blue eyes glimmered with reluctance to fight to the death, Her allure rendering Her opponents unable to strike.</p>
<p>Invisible, formless flames surged into the air, roaring as they raced toward their target.</p>
<p>Within the flames, figures of blazing humanoid fire emerged one after another. These entities possessed a degree of intelligence, obeying Lumian’s commands. They surrounded Primordial Demoness Cheek from all directions, cutting off any escape routes. Acting as Lumian’s soldiers, they shared his spirituality, power, and abilities like Teleportation.</p>
<p>This was an extension of the Conqueror’s ability to transform lifeless objects into soldiers, amplified by Sealed Artifact 0-01.</p>
<p>Primordial Demoness Cheek watched with a radiant smile, as if admiring the performance of a lover, without immediately reacting.</p>
<p>She raised Her right hand, clenching it gently as the formless, colorless flames and the countless fire soldiers approached.</p>
<p>At Her center, a vortex suddenly appeared—remarkably similar to the chaotic vortex embedded in Lumian’s left shoulder. Composed of liquid encompassing all colors, this vortex was far larger.</p>
<p>The formless, colorless flames, along with the innumerable fire soldiers, were sucked into the vortex, shredded into fragments, and dissolved, becoming part of the myriad unrealized possibilities.</p>
<p>Within the nearly sky-filling chaotic vortex, Primordial Demoness Cheek—draped in Her black hair and white bone dress—emerged once again. She remained dazzlingly beautiful, an irresistible sight that stirred even the surrounding grayish-white stones to agitate in Her presence.</p>
<p>This was a manifestation of one of the Demoness’s authorities.</p>
<p>Honorific titles like “The Female Body of the Primordial God Almighty,” “The mirrored Original Creator—the Oldest One,” and “The True Successor of the Original Creator” were labels that Cheek Herself had added after merging with the Blood Emperor Alista Tudor, discovering and utilizing the hidden features of the Catastrophe pathway. However, the Sequence 0 Demoness of the Witch pathway being named “Primordial Demoness” or “Chaos Demoness,” predated Her deification and was recorded on the Second Blasphemy Slate.</p>
<p>This referred both to the feminine aspect of a Demoness as an extension of the Primordial God Almighty and to one of the Demoness’s authorities: the authority over the return of all things to chaos and the primordial state. This was a branch of the symbolism of destruction and endings, distinct from death, eternal darkness, decay, ruin, slaughter, or fragmentation as methods of finality.</p>
<p>It, along with authorities like “femininity,” “charm,” “the mirror world,” and “dark magic,” was a core authority of the Demoness and an elevated concept encompassing “apocalypse” and “catastrophe.”</p>
<p>Thus, the Demoness was a demoness who wielded chaos.</p>
<p>The Primordial God Almighty was unaware of the setup and contingency plans left by the Original Creator to stabilize existence when accommodating the City of Calamity. The reason this was the first sefirah to be accommodated must have been due to a mystical connection, an instinctive tendency that had long existed!</p>
<p>Primordial Demoness Cheek emerged from the chaos with a charming smile, causing even Lumian, whose heart was burning with rage and hatred, to momentarily lose focus.</p>
<p>The face of Alista Tudor was filled with madness, driving the scorched banner of 0-01 to rise.</p>
<p>On the banner, the ominous blackened bloodstains revealed their original colors, radiating an aura of conquest so overwhelming that even deities might bow Their heads.</p>
<p>Primordial Demoness Cheek paused for a moment, as if reminded of the past.</p>
<p>At this moment, the figure of 0-17, clad in a hooded black robe adorned with silver stars, appeared in the high sky where the chaotic vortex had receded. Above Her was a scene of brilliant constellations reflected from the mirror.</p>
<p>With a delicate face and dark, deep eyes, 0-17 wielded a phantom black scythe, swinging it toward the Primordial Demoness as though culling the wheat of life.</p>
<p>A dense, profound, and silent darkness surged forth, following the trajectory of the scythe and rapidly engulfing the target.</p>
<p>Wherever the darkness passed, the projections of brilliant stars were submerged, one after another extinguishing their own radiance.</p>
<p>Primordial Demoness Cheek raised Her right hand once again.</p>
<p>Around Her, the vortex of chaos, embracing all possibilities, became prominent and rapidly expanded, colliding with the darkness brought forth by the scythe.</p>
<p>In an instant, Lumian’s vision lost all light, his hearing fell silent, and his spirituality ceased its perception.</p>
<p>It was as if the world had reached its end in an apocalypse, welcoming the final conclusion and return.</p>
<p>Before Lumian could form any thought, a sudden burst of light erupted. This was because the special mirror world had not yet fully collapsed or been destroyed.</p>
<p>Primordial Demoness Cheek was very pleased with this outcome. She cast an alluring glance at 0-17, momentarily delaying Her next move.</p>
<p>Corrupted by the Primordial God Almighty, Her control over chaos naturally surpassed normal levels, allowing Her to better unleash the might of this authority.</p>
<p>Moreover, She knew that the Evernight Goddess could not maintain the descent through 0-17 for too long, whereas She, as a true Sequence 0 deity with freedom of movement, could wield Her power indefinitely and sustainably.</p>
<p>Time was on Her side.</p>
<p>At this moment, the shaky special mirror world suddenly accelerated its self-repair process. Lumian blinked, and the world returned to its original stability.</p>
<p>The former Matriarch of the Church of Earth Mother, Roland, whose upper body was adorned with bird-clawed infants sucking nourishment from Her breasts, stepped into this place, bringing “rebirth.”</p>
<p>Her face bore a faint, maternal smile, and Her gentle gaze fell upon Lumian, Primordial Demoness Cheek, and 0-17.</p>
<p>Behind Her, a crimson full moon slowly rose.</p>
<hr />
<p>In the depths of the mirror world.</p>
<p>After the disappearance of Roland, the former Matriarch of the Church of Earth Mother, another figure emerged.</p>
<p>It was a woman wearing a gold crown inlaid with jewels, her chestnut hair cascading down her shoulders. She had blue eyes, slightly thin lips, and a mature allure. Her figure was voluptuous, her features enchanting—it was the mirrored Emperor Roselle, now an Angel serving the ruler of the special mirror world.</p>
<p>As Empress Roselle arrived, a flickering figure appeared in front of Her.</p>
<p>It was The Magician Fors, clad in a silver star-black robe.</p>
<p>While jointly fighting against the Demoness of Gray Judith and the Demoness of Yellow Tissavica with Madam Justice, Fors also participated in the mirror world battle.</p>
<p>This was the characteristic of a Planeswalker.</p>
<p>The Demoness Sect was not unfamiliar with this phenomenon. On the one hand, Madam Magician had been one of the most active members of the Tarot Club in recent years, naturally drawing attention. On the other hand, the Demoness Sect itself possessed a relevant Grade 0 Sealed Artifact.</p>
<p>It was called “Tamara’s Everchanging Card” and was currently wielded by the Demoness of Orange.</p>
<p>Upon detecting Madam Magician’s appearance in the mirror world, the Demoness of Crimson, who had received prior instructions, used invisible, tough, and resilient spider silk to hoist a blackened stone pillar with a faint bronze hue.</p>
<p>This was another Grade 0 Sealed Artifact of the Demoness Sect, named the “Pillar of Severity.”</p>
<p>As the pillar was lifted, bronzed letters emerged upon its surface: “The battlefield shall be divided.”</p>
<p>In an instant, the chaotic melee was split into multiple zones—soldiers against soldiers, generals against generals—in perfect balance and order.</p>
<p>Until their respective battles were concluded and the corresponding battlefields dissolved, neither Angels nor Saints could interfere with other fights.</p>
<p>Madam Magician’s presence was immediately locked within the ruins of Trier, close to Madam Justice Audrey and facing the Demoness of Gray and Demoness of Yellow.</p>
<p>Empress Roselle was no longer obstructed.</p>
<p>Since She was not yet engaged in any battle, She could freely choose Her battlefield.</p>
<p>The Demoness of Gold, dressed in a champagne-colored gown, faced Mr. Sun Derrick.</p>
<p>She wore a vertical eye-shaped tiara, its centerpiece a perfectly cut diamond resembling an eye, set within a brass base.</p>
<p>A Grade 0 Sealed Artifact—Eye of God!</p>
<p>Within the Eye of God, light constantly refracted, emitting a pure yet dreamlike radiance that exposed both Mr. Sun Derrick’s weaknesses and strengths.</p>
<p>The Demoness of Gold suddenly smiled.</p>
<p>She realized that the crown of dawn worn by her opponent was currently nothing more than an ornament, incapable of functioning.</p>
<p>The Testimony of Glory required two Saints to effectively wield it!</p>
<p>After the battlefield was divided for balance, Mr. Sun Derrick had temporarily lost his collaborator.</p>
<p>This fact was clear to Mr. Sun Derrick and to the other Major Arcana card holders as well. Madam Judgment—wearing Solomon’s Mask—immediately sought to distort the corresponding rules.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
