<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1102.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1094-trap" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1094: Trap?</h2>
<p>In Quartier de la Maison d’Opéra, on Rue du Chapeau Noir, inside an apartment with drawn curtains.</p>
<p>Niceea, with her curly brown hair pulled up, wearing an off-shoulder black dress and a thin gauze shawl, placed the makeup mirror given by her immediate superior on the cabinet in front of her and patiently waited for feedback.</p>
<p>After about twenty to thirty seconds, she saw a human figure quickly traced within the mirror, stepping out.</p>
<p>The person had slightly blackened, somewhat flaxen-colored long hair tied into a spirited ponytail, eyebrows extending dynamically into the temples, and lake-blue eyes that were slightly deeper than before, with an added soul-attracting depth amid their bright and crystal-clear appearance.</p>
<p>“When did Louis Gustav disappear?” Franca’s red and pretty lips moved.</p>
<p>Although she had become a Demoness of Pleasure, Niceea was still dazzled by her superior’s beauty, temperament, and charm, her heart involuntarily stirring.</p>
<p>She unconsciously compared Madame Franca with the Demoness of Black she had seen before, discovering that she didn’t like to change her temperament much, always trying to find the most attractive side for her conversation partner, remaining straightforward and natural.</p>
<p>It was precisely this casual and natural state that made Madame Franca uniquely charming. Combined with her nonchalant expression and high-ranking status, Niceea occasionally felt she wanted to prostrate herself at her feet, body and soul.</p>
<p>After spending some time controlling the ripples in her heart, Niceea reported in detail, “Louis Gustav arranged to meet several core members of the Emperor Party, including Grouès, in a secret mine in Underground Trier yesterday to discuss discreetly developing members within the army. As a result, everyone arrived, but he did not appear.</p>
<p>“From yesterday until now, Grouès and others have tried various methods to contact him, but have received no response.”</p>
<p>Niceea was now not only Grouèss mistress but had also gradually become a person close to the core of the Emperor Party due to her talent in instigation, provocation, and seduction.</p>
<p><em>It seems Louis Gustav had truly met with an accident, not just being delayed, but considered missing…</em> Franca thought and asked, “Has anything unusual happened within the Emperor Party recently?”</p>
<p>Niceea shook her head. “In recent months, whether it’s the Eternal Blazing Sun Church, the God of Steam and Machinery Church, Bureau 8, or the military, they have significantly increased the number of official Beyonders stationed in Trier. Madame, you might find it hard to believe, but the patrols in Underground Trier are now led by Sequence 5 Beyonders, team after team.</p>
<p>“In the first two months, the Emperor Party was still making small moves, resulting in many secret members being exposed, suffering significant losses. Recently, they have been well-behaved, only covertly developing and expanding.</p>
<p>“Previously, Louis Gustav and Grouès often met, knew each other’s residences, and would occasionally discuss matters at fixed cafes. But after nearly being caught by official Beyonders from the Bureau 8, Louis Gustav moved from his original residence and carefully commanded core members remotely.”</p>
<p><em>So that’s how it is… No wonder it sounds different from before, when Grouès and others used to know Louis Gustav’s daily routine…</em> Franca slightly nodded and told Niceea, “This matter is significant. I will first report to the Demoness of Black.</p>
<p>“Stand by for new orders at any time.”</p>
<p>“Yes, Madame Franca!” As soon as Niceea finished speaking, she saw her superior’s figure gradually fade, transforming from solid to virtual, quickly disappearing as if never having been present.</p>
<p>Only the lingering faint fragrance in the air and a hint of what seemed like machine oil indicated someone had been there.</p>
<hr />
<p>In the luxurious villa.</p>
<p>Franca ended her mirror projection maintenance and turned to Lumian.</p>
<p>“Ever since you advanced to Weather Warlock, I now see everything as a trap. Niceea’s report could be a trap from the Demoness Sect, and Louis Gustav’s disappearance might be a trap from the Mirror People.</p>
<p>“Never mind. I’ll report to the Demoness of Black, saying the matter is significant and requesting her personal handling.</p>
<p>“If I don’t get involved, I won’t fall into the trap!”</p>
<p>In the Demoness Sect, Franca was still nominally a Demoness of Despair and a subordinate of the Demoness of Black, though of course, the truth couldn’t be hidden from the Primordial Demoness.</p>
<p>“Is this what you call upward management?” Lumian chuckled, “If it’s a trap, the Demoness of Black certainly won’t let you shirk responsibility. If it’s not a trap, she should still have you conduct a concurrent investigation.”</p>
<p>“Sigh, I know,” Franca sighed, “I was just venting my emotions. What if the Demoness of Black actually goes to investigate herself? People, after all, must live with hope and anticipation.”</p>
<p>Lumian glanced at Franca. “I feel that you’ll maintain your humanity quite well in the future.”</p>
<p>“Why suddenly talk about humanity? Are you troubled by godhood?” Franca keenly countered.</p>
<p>After speaking, she took out a makeup mirror and verbally formed the information about Louis Gustav’s disappearance and Niceea’s detailed report, transmitting it through the mirror world to the mirror designated by the Demoness of Black—she would avoid meeting the Demoness of Black whenever possible to prevent stepping into a trap.</p>
<p>After Franca finished this matter, Lumian briefly explained Mr. Fool’s interpretation of godhood and humanity, and his own state of being.</p>
<p>Franca was enlightened. “So that’s why you suddenly proposed hugging—you were somewhat unable to control the aggregation instinct and destruction desire?”</p>
<p>“No, because I had already hugged Jenna, I felt it should be fair,” Lumian said in a low laugh.</p>
<p>“…” Franca’s mouth twitched slightly.</p>
<p>Lumian casually added another sentence, “What you said also had some influence.”</p>
<p>Franca hummed in response and suddenly burst into laughter.</p>
<p>“What’s so funny?” Lumian found it strange.</p>
<p>Franca cleared her throat and replied, “As a fellow hometown native, I’ve always supported your sister’s creative work and read many of her novels. Some descriptions are really cringy. There’s one line that goes something like: ‘He hugged me tightly, very forcefully, as if afraid of losing me, wanting to crush me and tuck me into his body.’</p>
<p>“My goodness, this isn’t a cringy description, it’s clearly a horror description, so realistic!”</p>
<p>Seeing Franca wasn’t too frightened and even joking, Lumian’s inner pressure seemed to diminish. He naturally discussed his sister’s works.</p>
<p>“Aurora deliberately intensified the cringe. She says Intisians love this style.</p>
<p>“By the way, did those works exist in the old era?”</p>
<p>Franca gently shook her head in response. “You could say the story concepts and ideas are similar, but without being a Savant, how could one exactly reproduce them? Moreover, your sister integrated current social trends and folk culture, making it an entirely different work. It’s not like just because someone previously wrote about transmigration, me writing about transmigration makes it plagiarism?”</p>
<p>“I see…” Lumian was very satisfied with this answer.</p>
<p>At this moment, the Demoness of Black responded to Franca through the mirror: “Find effective clues as soon as possible.”</p>
<p>“Yes, Madame.” Franca responded, making a face at Lumian.</p>
<p>After pondering for a few seconds, she sent a new order to Niceea: “Search for clues, try to find Louis Gustav’s current residence.</p>
<p>“Preferably obtain some items closely related to Louis Gustav and bring them to me.”</p>
<p>This way, Franca could perform Magic Mirror Divination and even seek guidance from Mr. Fool.</p>
<p>After she finished issuing the command, Lumian laughed and asked, “Still doing that sword-riding thing?”</p>
<p>Franca’s spirits lifted. “Of course!”</p>
<p>She then seemed to have a moment of reflection, muttering to herself, “The apocalypse is near. We must cherish daily happiness and satisfaction.</p>
<p>“We can’t abandon today’s life because of some dangerous things we’ll have to do later.”</p>
<p>“Hmm…” Lumian slowly nodded.</p>
<hr />
<p>One week later, at midnight.</p>
<p>Niceea silently slid off the bed, stood upright, and merged into the darkness.</p>
<p>She glanced at the muscular middle-aged man on the bed, naked and only partially covered by a blanket, for a few seconds before leaving the bedroom soundlessly and entering the room in the furthest corner of the second floor.</p>
<p>Then, she took out a special makeup mirror, used the spell given by her superior, and sent information to the designated mirror.</p>
<p>She knew reporting at this hour would disturb Madame Franca’s rest, but the situation was urgent. If she waited until dawn, Grouès would take back those two items, so she had no choice.</p>
<p>Shortly after, Franca’s figure was projected from the makeup mirror.</p>
<p>She wore a silk nightgown with a thin outer jacket for cover, her slightly black flaxen-colored long hair cascading down, her expression unabashedly lazy and drowsy, her lake-colored eyes slightly deeper and hazy.</p>
<p>Niceea was stunned, only awakening when Franca spoke. “What is it?”</p>
<p>Niceea came to her senses. “Madame, I’ve obtained two items closely related to Louis Gustav.</p>
<p>“These were found in one of his previous secret hideouts.”</p>
<p>As she spoke, Niceea raised her hands.</p>
<p>In one hand, she held a silver brooch made of two intertwined snakes; in the other, she held a dark gold coin.</p>
<p>Seeing the latter, Franca suddenly became alert.</p>
<p>She used invisible spider silk to pull the coin before her.</p>
<p>One side of the gold coin was quite simple, with raised patterns forming a chariot, bearing the number “2”. The other side had a considerably complex pattern.</p>
<p>The main body was a crowned figure with a hanging cloak. To the left of the crown was a sketched, layered gate; to the right was a clock face with only one hand, its grid sizes unequal, with light and dark intertwining.</p>
<p>Parallel to the crown on the layer below were tiny flower pattern elements: a vertical pupil, five fingers of varying lengths, and a door split by a vertical long sword.</p>
<p><em>A Tudor coin…</em> Franca’s pupils slightly dilated as she recognized the item.</p>
<p>It was very similar to the Tudor coin they had obtained from the Sick Church, but with a face value of “2”.</p>
<p>The patterns and details were essentially the same between the two coins, but their expressions differed significantly.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
