<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1117.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1109-the-only-chance" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1109: The Only Chance</h2>
<p>Franca, recovering from the mention of the mirrored Original Creator—the Oldest One—continued her intense battle with the Demoness of Black Clarice.</p>
<p>Gradually, she discovered something was off.</p>
<p>The surrounding phantom black mirror tunnels partially shed their grayish-white color, no longer petrified, no longer obstacles to escape;</p>
<p>The Demoness of Black was more in a defensive posture, protecting the grayish-white altar displaying the Primordial Demoness’s figurine;</p>
<p>The Demoness of Black had revealed the two hidden honorific names of the Primordial Demoness. Besides causing emotional fluctuations and creating a brief opening, falling into a temporary disadvantage, it had no other effect and did not bring the anticipated terrible corruption.</p>
<p><em>What was her true purpose in revealing such a significant secret? Just to frighten her and turn the tide?</em> Franca felt a strong sense of doubt rising in her heart.</p>
<p>Suddenly, she had a guess: <em>The Demoness of Black did not appear here to wait for me; she has another mission!</em></p>
<p><em>Is my encounter with the Demoness of Black actually the result of the Law of Beyonder Characteristics Convergence?</em></p>
<p><em>The Demoness of Black detected an outsider mysteriously arriving nearby. Her first reaction would certainly be to seal the tunnel and eliminate potential risks…</em></p>
<p><em>After battling for a while and discovering I’ve completely digested the Unaging potion, realizing no quick victory was possible, her choice was to pretend to fight with full force, seemingly preoccupied, quietly lifting the petrification of some mirror tunnels, and attempting to scare me away using the two hidden honorific names of the Primordial Demoness?</em></p>
<p><em>What does this signify?</em></p>
<p><em>It indicates she has a very important purpose in arranging the altar here, and that the two hidden honorific names of the Primordial Demoness would lose their secrecy very soon!</em></p>
<p><em>Moreover, the Beyonder characteristic congregation force between us should not be strong enough to Teleport me near her. In the mirror world, there exists a Demoness of a higher level with stronger congregation forces…</em></p>
<p><em>Besides the Beyonder characteristic, what else ‘attracted’ me here…</em></p>
<p>Franca suddenly recalled the Primordial Demoness figurine in her Traveler’s Bag.</p>
<p>Her peripheral vision swept towards the grayish-white stone altar, towards the bone-like Primordial Demoness figurine placed upon it.</p>
<p><em>Something’s amiss!</em></p>
<hr />
<p>Relying on the power of the Ice Mirror Charm, Anthony traversed the mirror tunnels densely interwoven like a spider web, heading towards the location indicating the team leader.</p>
<p>Just as he was about to reach his destination, he was met with a surging light as intense as a solar explosion.</p>
<p>Instinctively, Anthony closed his eyes, and grayish-white scales began to emerge on the surface of his skin.</p>
<p>This was a sign of loss of control.</p>
<p>He hurriedly Placated himself, controlling the fluctuations of his mental and emotional state.</p>
<p>Fortunately, the light’s burst lasted only an instant, then condensed at the edge of the special mirror world, transforming into an invisible barrier.</p>
<p>Anthony persevered and returned to normal. Then, he saw Ludwig, whose body had just materialized, and Jenna, who had reopened her eyes. He also saw multiple flickering figures, seemingly belonging to Mr. Fool.</p>
<p>Jenna gazed at the light-condensed barrier, recalling the stellar explosion from moments ago that seemed capable of creating an entire world. Her heart plummeted completely, falling into an abyss.</p>
<p>The emergence of this situation meant that a mutation had already occurred in the depths of this special mirror world!</p>
<p><em>That great terror has most likely been triggered…</em></p>
<p><em>This means that the probability of Lumian surviving is now extremely slim…</em></p>
<p>At this moment, a voice sounded near Jenna’s ear: “Actually, there is still a chance to save Lumian Lee, a chance with some hope of success.”</p>
<p>Jenna swiftly turned her head and looked beside her, discovering a young man who had appeared at some point, wearing a pointed soft cap and a monocle, draped in a classical magical robe.</p>
<p>“Amon…” Jenna’s lips moved, uttering this name.</p>
<p>Amon glanced at Mr. Fool who had “split” new figures to look over here, then laughed and muttered to Himself, “Why is it me again who has to do this?</p>
<p>“Next time, don’t prophesize that I’ll be the light at the dawn of the apocalypse…”</p>
<p>As He muttered, He took out a white piece of paper from somewhere and looked at Jenna. “That chance is on you, and the price is your life.”</p>
<p><em>My life…</em> Jenna repeated this phrase blankly.</p>
<p>Before Jenna could respond, Amon’s speaking speed accelerated, as if multiple people were relaying the narrative, almost creating a majestic and layered effect.</p>
<p>“Time is limited, I’ll only pick out the key points of the story.</p>
<p>“Commissioned by Amon, Celia Bello discovered Harrison from the Western Continent and obtained fragments of the special mirror world, encountering the phantom of Krismona.</p>
<p>“In her subsequent advancements, Krismona’s phantom would repeatedly warn Celia Bello about the dangers of a pure female Demoness and the potential sources of danger. This failed to dissuade Celia Bello and instead stimulated her to persist on this path, because Celia Bello, who came from a humble background, had been a Showy Diva, and witnessed the death of her loved ones, desperately wanted to become powerful. She wanted to seize every opportunity to become strong to protect those she wanted to protect. The uniqueness of a pure female Demoness made her see the possibility of being used, and being used meant she might receive a ‘gift’ and become a high-ranking individual in a very short time.</p>
<p>“She was willing to bear the enormous risks that would come with this. She has always been someone skilled at going all-in.</p>
<p>“Arranged by the story’s author, Celia Bello successfully evaded the Demoness Sect’s investigation and, relying on the special small sacrificial square in the catacombs, escaped the gaze of the Primordial Demoness Cheek until The… Mr. Fool initially awakened.”</p>
<p>After saying “The,” Amon paused, then switched with a slight upward inflection to “Mr.”</p>
<p>Looking at the white paper, He continued, “In the end, Lumian Lee and Franca Roland both entrusted their special mirror world fragments to Jenna for safekeeping, unexpectedly allowing her to gather three pieces—a trinity, three pillars that evolved all things.</p>
<p>“Now, Jenna has a chance, a chance to save Lumian Lee. That is, before the Despair potion is completely digested, forcibly advancing to Demoness of Unaging, utilizing the uniqueness of a pure female Demoness and those three special mirror world fragments to transfer the great terror in the depths of the special mirror world onto herself.</p>
<p>“This way, the barrier of the special mirror world will instantly shatter. The great Mr. Fool can certainly pull Lumian Lee, who only has Alista Tudor resurrected within him, back from the edge of consciousness death and mental alienation. Praise The Fool!</p>
<p>“This is a surmise; the events about to occur are not certain, supported only by three facts:</p>
<p>“The first fact is that the previously only pure female Demoness, Krismona, died in the War of the Four Emperors, and the Demoness Sect has been killing pure female Demoness early;</p>
<p>“The second fact is that Krismona’s ghost once said that pure female Demonesses would face a trial when advancing to Demoness of Unaging, and if they fail to pass, something terribly frightening would happen—this has been confirmed as true;</p>
<p>“The third fact is that the great terror in the depths of the special mirror world is related to the Demoness and Hunter pathways.</p>
<p>“This indicates that both pure female Demonesses and pure male Hunters might attract that great terror, but only Demonesses are closely linked to the mirror world and Mirror People.”</p>
<p>Amon raised His head, adjusted His monocle, and looked at Jenna. “The story’s author only grasps these facts. Before the light burst just now, He was not clear about what was hidden in the special mirror world.</p>
<p>“That is to say, His surmise only has a certain probability of success. Unexpected changes might occur midway, leading to failure—a probability that is even quite high. However, with our great Mr. Fool, He can amplify the possibility of success and reduce the probability of failure.</p>
<p>“Even so, success is not guaranteed. No one knows what other special characteristics the great terror in the depths of the special mirror world might have.</p>
<p>“Celia Bello is at a crossroads of choice.</p>
<p>“On one side is whether Lumian Lee can survive, on the other is her own life.</p>
<p>“Regardless of success or failure, she will certainly die, because what’s needed is not passing the trial during advancement, but welcoming failure during the trial.</p>
<p>“Because the great Mr. Fool awakened early, the story’s author couldn’t arrange Celia Bello’s brother properly, which would cause many things to be exposed prematurely. So, Celia Bello doesn’t need to be cornered now, doesn’t need to be forced into a singular choice.</p>
<p>“So, what is her answer?”</p>
<p>Only at the last question did Jenna truly awaken.</p>
<p>At this moment, one of the high-frequency flickering figures split from Mr. Fool and said to her, “You can choose not to choose, or choose the opposite.</p>
<p>“I will do my best to destroy the barrier in a short time. If I can’t, I’ll seal this place.”</p>
<p>Between voices that were sometimes near and sometimes far, Jenna completely came to her senses, understanding what Amon had just described.</p>
<p><em>So my persistence in walking the pure female Demoness path was arranged… Even my emotions, reactions, and thoughts were anticipated…</em></p>
<p><em>So Julien almost became an arranged object because of my ‘uniqueness’, falling into a situation of imminent death or madness…</em></p>
<p><em>So I was never discovered by the Demoness Sect because I was always being arranged…</em></p>
<p>Jenna had actually expected to be arranged for a long time and was psychologically prepared. She was willing to take risks to become strong quickly and protect those she wanted to protect, to accept the “bestowment”. But what she didn’t expect was that there were no risks, only death—she was just a sacrifice, a tool, a puppet being manipulated on stage, a cheap puppet.</p>
<p>At this moment, she truly understood the feelings Lumian experienced during the arrangements before becoming a Demoness of Despair.</p>
<p>Everything seemed to have lost meaning, everything was so despairing.</p>
<p>Jenna felt she should be angry, should hate, should madly curse everything, and try her best to resist.</p>
<p>She actually had all these emotions, but…</p>
<p>Jenna turned her head and gazed at the barrier condensed with dazzling light.</p>
<p>A smile gradually spread across her face, and she softly said to herself, “But…</p>
<p>“I am willing.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
