<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1186.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1177-god-loves-the-world" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1177: God Loves the World</h2>
<p>After gazing at the revitalized blue planet for two seconds, Klein turned slightly to Amanises and said, “I’m ready.”</p>
<p>Eternal Darkness Amanises turned toward the slumbering Grisha Adam and lifted the influence of the Darkness symbolism.</p>
<p>A change occurred instantly. The naturally spreading Chaos Sea fully contracted, leaving only the massive cross and Grisha Adam nailed upon it.</p>
<p>Grisha Adam wore a simple white robe, with rusted nails protruding from His limbs, stained with darkened blood.</p>
<p>At this moment, the holy sun, the raging storm, the white tower of books, and the five-headed shadow had all vanished, as if withdrawn into Grisha Adam’s body.</p>
<p>Grisha Adam’s face, covered with a faint golden beard, slowly opened His golden, baby-clear eyes.</p>
<p>He saw Lumian with three heads, three torsos, and six arms and noticed the Sword of Destruction held by Lumian’s central body.</p>
<p>Lumian stared at Grisha Adam and the cross for a few seconds, his expression indifferent and his voice low. “Go and fight for your next chance.”</p>
<p>With that, he raised the massive black-flame greatsword that bound madness and chaos.</p>
<p>Grisha Adam shifted His gaze downward.</p>
<p>He saw the green-blue planet below, the Eastern, Northern, Southern, and Western Continents, the five oceans, the bustling cities, the peaceful villages, and the people still laughing, crying, and busy.</p>
<p>Retracting His gaze, He looked back at Lumian with a warm smile on His face.</p>
<p>Lumian said nothing more and brought down the giant sword, burning with black flames and symbolizing destruction and chaos.</p>
<p>At that moment, Lord of Mysteries Klein and Eternal Darkness Amanises each bowed respectfully to Grisha Adam in their own ways.</p>
<p>Boom!</p>
<p>The massive cross shattered into pieces, and Grisha Adam’s body instantly disintegrated and collapsed.</p>
<p>He made no defense or resistance, nor did He give the Primordial God Almighty any opportunity.</p>
<p>His crumbling body completely disintegrated, turning into beams of light that flew toward the blue planet. This included the miniature sun, the storm wreathed in lightning, the dense shadow, the illusory white tower of books, and the grayish-white object resembling a fusion of brain and mind.</p>
<p>They created a dazzling and dreamlike meteor shower over the planet, displaying a myriad of colors.</p>
<p>This spectacle drew many humans to stop and admire it. Some were excited, some were awestruck by the beauty, and others hurriedly made wishes, praying for their realization.</p>
<p>God loves the world.</p>
<hr />
<p>In the boundless cosmos, Klein, accompanied by Lumian and Amanises, entered the spirit world and found the astral crystal sealing the Supernova Dominator.</p>
<p>No spirit world creatures lingered nearby, instinctively avoiding the soon-to-explode object.</p>
<p>Amid the dense, layered colors, the three great existences simultaneously sensed that the Goddess of Fate had exited the spirit world and returned to Her divine kingdom.</p>
<p>Lumian glanced at the astral crystal and suggested, “Shall we unseal Him now? One of us controls Him, and the other attacks—let’s try to finish Him off quickly?”</p>
<p>The confidence to kill a Great Old Dominator in a short time was unique to powerful existences of destruction like Origins of Disaster, Eternal Darkness, and the Monarch of Decay.</p>
<p>Lord of Mysteries Klein shook his head. “No. Supernova Dominator leans toward reality. Even you two can’t kill Him in one strike if He resists. His counterattack would break the spirit world’s seal from within, giving the Mother Goddess of Depravity a chance to interfere. She won’t let us reduce our enemies now—that would hinder Her actions once She recovers from Her weakness.”</p>
<p>Indeed, the sealed spirit world could block the Mother Goddess of Depravity from entering, but not if a Great Old Dominator inside cooperated to break the seal.</p>
<p>This was why the Goddess of Fate could leave the spirit world through the River of Fate but could not use it to enter.</p>
<p>If the Mother Goddess of Depravity descended again, the High-Dimensional Overseer, the Goddess of Fate, and the healed Inextinguishable Ravings would certainly follow. Alongside the still-unkilled Supernova Dominator, the situation would become dire.</p>
<p>Klein continued, “My ceasefire agreement with the Mother Goddess of Depravity holds no binding force. She’s probably waiting for the Supernova Dominator to break the seal.</p>
<p>“But just because we can’t fully seal Him or kill Him in time doesn’t mean we can’t do something else.”</p>
<p>Upon hearing this, Eternal Darkness Amanises swiftly cloaked the area in concealment.</p>
<p>Lord of Mysteries Klein nodded to Her and smiled. “Let’s not let the Mother Goddess of Depravity know exactly what we did in those two seconds after the seal is lifted.”</p>
<p>Then, he turned to Lumian. “As the seal breaks, I’ll cast the Foolishness symbolism on Supernova Dominator and maintain it with full force. While He’s Foolish, you will Hypnotize Him and implant a Virtual Persona to make Him our friend—a friend who will help us when it matters most.</p>
<p>“This Virtual Persona should seem normal but must follow the logic that the Mother Goddess of Depravity and other Great Old Dominators intend to harm Him. He must avoid and have no contact with Them. This way, the Mother Goddess will only know I meddled with Him but won’t figure out how.</p>
<p>“This won’t threaten His life or cause His fall, so He won’t instinctively resist under deep Foolishness. Later, we’ll discreetly visit Him from time to time to maintain His Foolish state and keep the Virtual Persona effective.”</p>
<p>Lumian thought it over and found this plan feasible, especially to counter the Mother Goddess of Depravity’s possibility of turning hostile soon.</p>
<p>The Monarch of Decay and the Circle of Inevitability wouldn’t return to this unfinished matter, ruling Them out.</p>
<p>The Mother Tree of Desire would need a long time to fully re-accommodate the Tenebrous World. Due to the fusion and influence of various Dao integrators, the Tenebrous World had developed a new consciousness and spirit. Although both it and the integrators fused within it had been destroyed by their self-curses, Its spirit remained indestructible, chaotic, and extreme. Moreover, the Mother Tree of Desire was still in a severely wounded state, requiring at least decades, if not longer, to fully accommodate the Tenebrous World and completely recover. Thus, She was unlikely to be a factor in the near term.</p>
<p>Similarly, the severely injured Uncertain Mist would also need decades to recover. More importantly, to avoid detection and becoming prey to other Great Old Dominators, He had completely hidden Himself—even the Mother Goddess of Depravity couldn’t locate Him to offer healing. This made it impossible for Him to recover and participate in any battles soon. The Mother Tree of Desire had also gone into hiding to recover and accommodate in secrecy, preventing interference or being hunted, further ruling out any possibility of healing.</p>
<p>Primordial Hunger was in a similar state, but driven by instinct, He might still attempt to participate in battle despite His severe injuries, seeking healing afterward.</p>
<p>In other words, if the Mother Goddess of Depravity turned hostile again and descended soon, the only Great Old Dominators capable of fighting would be the High-Dimensional Overseer, the Goddess of Fate, and Inextinguishable Ravings. The participation of Primordial Hunger remained uncertain.</p>
<p>If Supernova Dominator stood with the Lord of Mysteries, the Origins of Disaster, and Eternal Darkness, even if Earth’s side couldn’t win outright, it wouldn’t lose either. If Primordial Hunger joined as well, the Nation of Disorder, Knowledge Moor, and the Key of Light, having had time to recover, could once again display power close to that of the Great Old Ones.</p>
<p>Lumian glanced again at the astral crystal and found it somewhat amusing, as if seeing another Genie—one who wasn’t sealed but was still equally powerless to act freely.</p>
<p>“Alright,” he replied to Lord of Mysteries Klein.</p>
<p>After confirming that Eternal Darkness Amanises was ready, Klein conjured a door glowing with a bluish-black hue on himself.</p>
<p>Then, he withdrew the door’s projection from the astral crystal.</p>
<p>The Abomination Beyonder characteristic had just been pushed to its limit when Klein’s coat flared, and the bluish-black door radiated brilliantly.</p>
<p>Foolishness symbolism!</p>
<p>Supernova Dominator, poised to make the surrounding stars explode and destroy everything nearby, suddenly halted, blankly and dazedly surveying the surroundings.</p>
<p>This time, Klein didn’t stop after casting the Foolishness symbolism but maintained and deepened it.</p>
<p>Outside the spirit world, crimson moonlight flared again, but without internal cooperation, it couldn’t break through the seal immediately.</p>
<p>Seizing the opportunity, Lumian turned the face of the chaotic vortex toward Supernova Dominator.</p>
<p>On the surface of this face, an eye-like hole appeared first, borrowing the Omniscient Eye ability to quickly analyze Supernova Dominator’s daily behavior. Based on this, Lumian wove an appropriate Virtual Persona.</p>
<p>After the Primordial God Almighty was killed, He hadn’t tried to resurrect within Lumian, as adding anything else to Lumian’s body would render even the most powerful and genuine Angel of Redemption unable to redeem the situation.</p>
<p>Within just two or three seconds, a hazy, illusory glow flickered simultaneously across Supernova Dominator’s stars and then swiftly receded.</p>
<p>Seeing this, Klein withdrew Sefirah Castle back into his body and stored away the newly reformed Abomination Beyonder characteristic.</p>
<p>Supernova Dominator looked at them and let out a low hum. “Well done.”</p>
<p>Lumian chuckled and spread his six arms. “Praise be to you, Ruler of Stars!”</p>
<p>Supernova Dominator exuded satisfaction and joy, avoided the Mother Goddess of Depravity’s gaze, and left the spirit world.</p>
<p>Watching His starry figure depart, Eternal Darkness Amanises suddenly asked, “There won’t be a crisis for decades, but what about after that?”</p>
<p>By then, the Mother Tree of Desire, Uncertain Mist, and Primordial Hunger would have fully recovered.</p>
<p>Lord of Mysteries Klein pondered and replied, “Decades later, the consciousnesses within the Nation of Disorder should have fully merged and unified, possibly birthing a new Great Old Dominator. If not, we must find a way to resurrect Roselle ahead of time, though that’s difficult and would only give us limited extra time.</p>
<p>“In the Knowledge Moor, Stiano’s attempt to obtain the Celestial Master’s bloodline isn’t easy. If he only integrates a small portion, like Lumian’s Omebella bloodline, it’s simple but only effective against unintelligent, instinct-driven beings or when reinforcing symbolism. Past Celestial Masters within the Knowledge Moor still retain fragments of consciousness and spirit. The best strategy now is to have the current Celestial Master consume potions, advancing from Mystery Pryer to Hermit as quickly as possible.</p>
<p>“We should pursue both paths. Whichever progresses faster, the other should step aside. We must ensure Their survival, even if They themselves may wish to defer to the other.</p>
<p>“The Key of Light remains unpredictable. When and who among Them will ascend to a Great Old Dominator depends on luck and opportunity.</p>
<p>“Regarding the Chaos Sea, after this near-resurrection, the Primordial God Almighty’s consciousness has significantly strengthened. Without hundreds or thousands of years to wear it down, none of those five paths are suitable for birthing a corresponding Sequence 0, much like how in the Fourth Epoch, the Kings of Angels of the Fool, Door, and Error pathways couldn’t ascend.”</p>
<p>At this point, Klein glanced at Lumian. “In your dreams, you, Aurore, and Jenna have the time and opportunity to strengthen yourselves. I hope you find ways to achieve a better and more stable balance, aiming to significantly increase your daily active hours. I will also fulfill my promise to give you a second form you can switch to.</p>
<p>“If necessary, I can even trigger your body’s reset earlier.”</p>
<p>Lumian, Aurore, and Jenna exchanged slightly complex smiles and nodded.</p>
<p>Klein turned to Eternal Darkness Amanises. “Barring any surprises, in a few decades, we will have five Great Old Dominators, plus Supernova Dominator, totaling six. Meanwhile, the Mother Goddess of Depravity’s side will have at most seven.”</p>
<p>This referred to the Mother Goddess of Depravity, Mother Tree of Desire, High-Dimensional Overseer, Inextinguishable Ravings, Primordial Hunger, the Goddess of Fate, and the Uncertain Mist.</p>
<p>Klein then smiled. “Without the Uncertain Mist, They would be disunited, each fighting for Themselves. We could easily drive Them back or even severely teach Them a lesson.</p>
<p>“Right, I will fulfill my promise to return the Magic Wishing Lamp to the universe, using it to lure out the hiding Uncertain Mist and secretly influence Him.”</p>
<p>Eternal Darkness Amanises nodded slightly. “It seems the apocalypse has passed, and the past despairing situation won’t return.”</p>
<p>Lord of Mysteries Klein gazed at the dense, layered colors and the boundless cosmos beyond the spirit world, adding calmly and warmly, “But that’s only if we all remain in good condition.”</p>
<p>Lumian followed his gaze beyond the spirit world, Klein’s words echoing in his mind.</p>
<p>Only if we all remain in good condition…</p>
<p>This phrase reverberated through the deep, boundless spirit world, where direction held no meaning.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
