<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1101.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1093-key-points-of-acting" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1093: Key Points of Acting</h2>
<p>High in the cloud layers, the wooden coat rack beneath Lumian’s feet, burning with a violet-blue flame, did not quickly turn to ash. It was like a truly heat-resistant, miraculous metal, maintaining its basic, hard state.</p>
<p>This was an ability Hunters possessed since the Iron-blooded Knight stage: “weaponizing” ordinary objects, temporarily transforming them into lethal tools.</p>
<p>At the angelic level, Lumian could now make wood, paper, and similar materials temporarily reach the strength of the Sword of Courage, ensuring they would not instantly dissolve under the added flames and internal explosions, maintaining their most fundamental stability.</p>
<p>This allowed a Hunter’s fireball to have a carrier and divert some power to constantly accelerate, ultimately bombing the target area from a distance at several times the speed of sound.</p>
<p>At the Iron-blooded Knight stage, this remote range was 5 to 10 kilometers. For a Weather Warlock, it became hundreds, or even thousands of kilometers.</p>
<p>However, this was not very useful in actual combat. Even if the weapon carrying the fireball flew quickly, adding an extremely long distance would still require a certain time to reach the target area. Not to mention Angels and Saints, even Mid-Sequence Beyonders with strong spiritual intuition could detect it in advance and escape the potentially covered area in time.</p>
<p>The current level of the Fog of War could not be attached and follow along.</p>
<p>Lumian could divert a small portion of his psyche to merge into the fireball or weapon, allowing them to change direction. But such an operation, when done from too far away, would always lack precision and thus could not strike enemies beyond a certain level.</p>
<p>The greatest use of such an attack was only to destroy fixed targets. For Lumian, it was completely incomparable to the mystical long-range attacks delivered through the mirror world.</p>
<p>But…</p>
<p>Lumian looked down at the coat rack beneath his feet, burning brilliantly like a giant sword, then glanced at the blown-open white clouds and the city below that looked like specks of dust, and listened to the sonic boom that could not catch up to him. He laughed inwardly.</p>
<p><em>How cool!</em></p>
<p><em>Without considering conspiracies, a Hunter must be arrogant!</em></p>
<p><em>Otherwise, how would one provoke others?</em></p>
<p><em>Boom!</em></p>
<p>A violet-blue light, with a human figure standing atop it, rapidly traversed the sky, leaving behind a blast that made houses and glass violently tremble.</p>
<hr />
<p>Beside a mountain-side village where rain was pouring down.</p>
<p>The river had already overflowed with yellowish water, surging toward the not-so-large city in the distance.</p>
<p>The city’s residents were anxious, worried that mountain floods would erupt and affect their living spaces. Many villagers had already climbed to the second floor or onto their roofs because the rising water had gone beyond their knees and was trying to break down their doors.</p>
<p>Looking at the increasingly yellow floodwaters, experienced villagers grew more worried and had nowhere to escape.</p>
<p>Suddenly, they heard a loud “bang” and instinctively looked up, casting their gaze toward the sky.</p>
<p>They then saw a light, bluish-violet like a fire meteor, hovering and stopping among the layered dark clouds, with what seemed to be a person standing on top—a tall figure with blood-red long hair, though far away.</p>
<p>This person riding a flaming sword began moving amidst rising white water vapor and dense surrounding rain, with powerful, high-strung and frenzied movements, with a twisted, mysterious posture.</p>
<p>A divine being dancing in the sky!</p>
<p>Villagers nearby and city dwellers in the distance all suddenly had the same thought.</p>
<p><em>This is a ritual.</em></p>
<p><em>A ritual of praying to some existence!</em></p>
<p>The ritual dance became increasingly intense, and everyone who saw this scene seemed to hear thumping drum beats.</p>
<p>As the divine being’s dance progressed, the rain gradually diminished, and dark clouds in the high sky dispersed one by one.</p>
<p>In the end, the rainstorm completely stopped, and rays of brilliant sunlight shone upon villagers hiding on the second floor and rooftops, and upon the worried citizens looking toward the mountain’s edge.</p>
<p>The divine being stopped the ritual dance, and the flaming sword beneath their feet disappeared.</p>
<p>With a magnificent, layered voice, they proclaimed to the humans below, “My name:</p>
<p>“Beholden to the King of Yellow and Black, Priest of Weather and Plague, the Dual-Bodied one who spreads war and chaos!”</p>
<p>Among those born and raised in religious societies, a large portion instinctively bowed their heads and shouted in unison, “Praise be to you, Priest of Weather and Plague!</p>
<p>“Praise be to you for sending away the calamity!”</p>
<p>By the time these people raised their heads, the divine being had vanished.</p>
<hr />
<p>Trier, inside the luxurious villa.</p>
<p>Lumian’s figure quickly traced itself in his room.</p>
<p>He distinctly felt that his Weather Warlock potion had been digested a bit.</p>
<p>The effect of this act was much stronger than changing the extreme weather of three regions immediately after his advancement!</p>
<p><em>Previously, I was doing good deeds quietly, unknown, lacking clear directional feedback?</em></p>
<p><em>Hmm, a Weather Warlock must let people know they are a ‘warlock’, must be seen, or understood, otherwise it’s not a successful act… The people in those three regions would probably think it was the local faith’s god’s protection, praising those gods, not me. Only a small portion might connect the weather changes with the previous appearance of a witch…</em></p>
<p><em>It can’t be too simple to change the weather. Even if it doesn’t substantially take effect, the ritual must be there. The audience must feel I used great effort to change the weather, otherwise I’d be performing as a God of Weather instead of a Weather Warlock…</em></p>
<p><em>Positioning the Weather Warlock as a priest of weather should be fine…</em></p>
<p><em>Also, Hunter represents the initial masculine side, robust, highly aggressive, often associated with being flamboyant.</em></p>
<p><em>Looking at it this way, a Hunter’s arrogance and conspicuousness are sometimes a conspiracy, sometimes an acting requirement…</em></p>
<p>Combining the feedback from two different performances, Lumian vaguely grasped a key point.</p>
<p><em>A Weather Warlock’s performance cannot be low-key!</em></p>
<p><em>Hiding behind the scenes doing good deeds is not a Hunter’s style!</em></p>
<p>Moreover, although the Sequence name ‘Weather Warlock’ had no clear good or bad orientation, based on the fact that the Hunter pathway represented war and was one of the two components of calamity, and drawing from previous Sequence acting experiences, Lumian suspected that the hidden acting principle might be “bringing disaster by changing the weather.”</p>
<p><em>Bringing disaster to enemies by changing the weather will be a key focus of future acts.</em> Lumian nodded thoughtfully, feeling slightly disappointed.</p>
<p>He murmured to himself, <em>No accidents, no anomalies…</em></p>
<p>His extremely flamboyant travel this time was partly to satisfy his normal inner desires, maintain and expand his humanity, and partly to provoke hidden arrangements by Blood Emperor Alista Tudor or that Red Angel Medici.</p>
<p>Unfortunately, under Mr. Fool’s gaze and with the situation not being chaotic, nothing happened.</p>
<p>Every successful Hunter was a qualified schemer and wouldn’t be so easily trapped.</p>
<p>Feeling disappointed but in much better condition, Lumian left the bedroom, intending to pour himself a glass of absinthe downstairs.</p>
<p>Franca heard the movement and walked out of her workshop.</p>
<p>She had let the Face of the Arcane fall back into slumber, returning to the Traveler’s Bag.</p>
<p>Glancing at Lumian, Franca asked with unusual anticipation, “Oh-oh, can your previous sword-riding ability be shared?”</p>
<p>“Sword-riding?” Although Lumian had been in the dream city for half a month, his exposure to information couldn’t be too comprehensive, so he wasn’t familiar with this somewhat niche term.</p>
<p>However, he quickly associated it with his coat rack flying based on the literal meaning, and said with a smile, “Got it. It can be shared.</p>
<p>“It’s formed by combining the ability to ‘weaponize’ any object and the ability to manipulate fireballs.</p>
<p>“Although I can only share one ability with you at a time, they don’t need to be used simultaneously to complete the combination.”</p>
<p>Franca’s eyes became increasingly bright. “Can I try now?”</p>
<p>Lumian couldn’t help but chuckle. “Of course, but remember, only within a 10-kilometer range.</p>
<p>“‘Weaponized’ items won’t quickly return to normal and get damaged, but once you exceed the team’s effective distance, you’ll lose control of the attached flame.”</p>
<p>Franca was a bit disappointed but found it acceptable.</p>
<p>“Fine, 10 kilometers it is.”</p>
<p>She thought for a moment and added, “To go beyond 10 kilometers, you’d have to stay with me, not creating distance? Well, you can stand on the back half of my flying sword…”</p>
<p>The leader of a Hunter team must necessarily be a Hunter, with the 10-kilometer range calculated from their center.</p>
<p>If a team has more than one Hunter, only one led, the highest-Sequence one. If there was more than one highest-Sequence member, they determined superiority through combat.</p>
<p>“That’s right,” Lumian confirmed Franca’s statement.</p>
<p>Franca’s face immediately lit up.</p>
<p>“Let’s start, first have a quick spin within the 10-kilometer range.</p>
<p>“Then we’ll ride swords through the sky, hmm, let’s bring Jenna along…”</p>
<p>Just as she was saying this, Franca suddenly sensed something and took out a makeup mirror from her clothing’s hidden pocket.</p>
<p>She took it out while telling Lumian, “My only subordinate sent a message.”</p>
<p>Although the Sick Church had multiple priests and bishops, and the market district had gang leaders at Franca’s disposal, the one who actually led them, assigned tasks, and received reports was mainly Jenna.</p>
<p>Franca’s true subordinate was only one person: her subordinate in the Demoness Sect, the Witch Niceea, who was a mole in the Emperor Party.</p>
<p>Of course, Niceea was now a Demoness of Pleasure.</p>
<p>“Stay alert,” Lumian cautioned.</p>
<p>This involved the Demoness Sect and the special mirror world, so they had to be extra careful from now on.</p>
<p>“Mm-hmm.” Franca nodded while seeing a light on the mirror’s surface unfold into Intisian: “Louis Gustav has mysteriously disappeared.”</p>
<p>“Louis Gustav has mysteriously disappeared.” Franca’s eyes narrowed.</p>
<p>The leader of the Emperor Party, the man secretly planning to overthrow the current government, with some connection to the mirror world’s Roselle, Louis Gustave, had mysteriously disappeared?</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
