<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1167.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1158-what-has-been-will-be-again" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1158: What Has Been Will Be Again</h2>
<p>As soon as Klein completed these two actions, the blood-red full moon ascended into the sky.</p>
<p>Immediately afterward, the crimson liquid enveloping the moon surged upward, coalescing into a colossal figure in an instant.</p>
<p>This figure emitted an incredibly terrifying suction, drawing forth grayish-white fog from the infinite heights and revealing the crimson moon and the strange, brownish earth. It seemed as though these elements wished to return to their “mother’s” embrace but were held back by the gray fog.</p>
<p>Similarly, the Beyonder characteristic of the Beauty Goddess within the protected zone broke free of its seal and approached the gray-white fog’s edge.</p>
<p>Law of Beyonder Characteristics Convergence!</p>
<p>Although the Mother Goddess of Depravity was considerably weakened after accommodating the Brood Hive, She could still utilize the Law of Beyonder Characteristics Convergence to directly reclaim the Uniqueness of the Mother pathway, the Uniqueness of the Moon pathway, and the corresponding Sequence 1 Beyonder characteristics—as long as there was no opposition on the same level.</p>
<p>Taking advantage of the Mother Goddess of Depravity’s focus on reclaiming Her possessions, Lord of Mysteries Klein lifted the seal over the entire Western Continent, causing the grayish-white fog there to vanish abruptly.</p>
<p>Now, only five sefirot watchers—the Celestial Master, the Holy Monk, and three others—remained on the Western Continent. They did not fear the natural dispersal of the Mother Goddess of Depravity’s power or its accompanying symbolism.</p>
<p>As Klein removed the Western Continent’s seal, the eight “stars” before him grew exceptionally massive, each eager to shatter the illusory barrier of historical fog and seize the sefirah and Uniqueness They craved.</p>
<p>This sight stirred a sense of despair and fear in both the God of Steam and Machinery, Stiano, and the God of Knowledge and Wisdom, Herabergen.</p>
<p>They could tangibly feel the oppressive aura emanating from the Great Old Dominators.</p>
<p>At this moment, Klein’s voice echoed within Their minds: <em>“There’s still a chance.”</em></p>
<p>The gods instinctively turned to Klein and saw the Lord of Mysteries, cloaked in a black trench coat, gloved in dark leather, and holding a star-encrusted cane, surrounded by grayish-white fog.</p>
<p>Carrying the weight of history, he stepped into the illusory barrier to confront the eight Great Old Dominators—beings as vast as stars.</p>
<p>The God of Knowledge and Wisdom, Herabergen, understood that Klein’s “there’s still a chance” was addressed to Them and the Archangels.</p>
<p>After Klein had fully awakened and become the true Lord of Mysteries, Beyonders below Sequence 1 and ordinary humans were no longer in danger.</p>
<p>If the situation became truly untenable, Klein could abandon the sefirot, Uniquenesses, and Sequence 1 Beyonder characteristics and lead the planet’s entire population of normal races to a remote, habitable edge of the universe. In the absence of conflicts of interest or instinctual desires, no Great Old Dominator would willingly oppose the Lord of Mysteries.</p>
<p>But for gods like Herabergen and Archangels outside the Mysteries pathway, escape was impossible!</p>
<p>Even if They lowered Their status—allowing avatars to flee—Their avatars would likely be corrupted once Their main bodies were devoured by the Great Old Dominators. There would be no means of preservation.</p>
<p>This was likely Their last chance!</p>
<p>Realizing the Lord of Mysteries could not hold off the eight Outer Deities for long, Herabergen turned His gaze to the real world, toward the protected zones.</p>
<p>A liquid of pure chaos, encompassing all colors and possibilities, had seeped out, coalescing into a massive cross.</p>
<p>On this cross hung a figure, formed entirely of radiant light, with a head that retained a human shape adorned with a thick, pale golden beard.</p>
<p>A long shadow with five heads trailed behind Him, while a golden sun quietly hovered behind His head.</p>
<p>The figure opened His eyes, revealing a pair of clear, infant-like golden irises. He nodded toward the God of Knowledge and Wisdom Herabergen and Lord of Storms Leodero within the astral world. “Come, my Kings of Angels.”</p>
<p>Amidst the reverberating, layered voice, Herabergen and Leodero were momentarily dazed.</p>
<p>It was as if They had returned to the past, following the light and hope.</p>
<p>The God of Knowledge and Wisdom, Herabergen, flew out of the astral world, revealing His true form.</p>
<p>It was a brass dragon the size of a city, capable of expanding even larger.</p>
<p>The dragon’s body resembled a soft, foldable tower of thick, illusory books, each bearing a brass eye.</p>
<p>The closer one moved toward the dragon’s head, the darker and more ominous the layers of books and eyes became. At the dragon’s brow, a nearly black brass vertical eye opened, gazing at the cross and the figure upon it.</p>
<p>The brass dragon suddenly ignited, enveloped in formless, colorless flames and quiet, eldritch black fire.</p>
<p>Dragging His elongated body and blazing tail, the dragon hurtled toward the figure on the cross.</p>
<p>At that moment, the God of Knowledge and Wisdom, Herabergen, chose self-destruction, merging with Grisha Adam.</p>
<p>This was not an entirely good thing—it had its dire consequences. Grisha Adam was still battling the Primordial God Almighty’s will and was at a disadvantage, with no chance of becoming the Omnipotent and Omniscient One.</p>
<p>In the short term, Herabergen’s residual consciousness would help Grisha Adam resist the Primordial God Almighty, forming a fragile new balance. This would allow Grisha Adam to better control the body and provide stronger protection for the protected zones after the Great Old Dominators shattered the barrier, ensuring it remained untainted by the Outer Deities’ power and corruption until Lord of Mysteries Klein seized the opportunity to transfer everyone during the chaos.</p>
<p>In the long term, however, integrating the White Tower pathway’s Uniqueness at this moment would enhance the Primordial God Almighty’s will and spirit, accelerating His recovery—significantly disadvantaging Grisha Adam in Their struggle.</p>
<p>Within the protected zone, Herabergen, clad in a plain white robe threaded with brass threads, looked skyward and sighed deeply.</p>
<p>In the astral world, the Lord of Storms, Leodero, appeared in human form—a stern middle-aged man clad in black armor and wielding a trident.</p>
<p>He glanced at the Western Continent, illuminated by scarlet moonlight, its entry sealed, and snorted at the Evernight Goddess, Amanises, and the God of Steam and Machinery, Stiano.</p>
<p>“The Storm will not destroy itself!</p>
<p>“Nor will it surrender!”</p>
<p>Crackling sounds erupted as the King of the Skies, Emperor of the Seas, Lord of Calamity, and God of Storms transformed into layers of entangled, ball lightning. He shot down from the astral world at near-light speed, straight toward the crimson moon and the colossal figure.</p>
<p>The storm illuminated the skies, illuminating the entire world.</p>
<hr />
<p>Within the consciousness space—</p>
<p><em>Boom!</em></p>
<p>Lumian and the malevolent dragon both heard that peculiar heartbeat.</p>
<p>With the former severely damaged, the dimmed Cheek and Tudor faces grew clear once more, and his central chaotic vortex face began to spin faster. Meanwhile, the dragon’s two lateral heads instinctively sought to merge but were blocked by Lumian’s mouth and Its own chaotic head.</p>
<p><em>Now!</em></p>
<p>Taking advantage of the moment, Lumian, in his colossal form, forcibly swallowed the dragon’s iron-black body whole.</p>
<p>Under this influence, the beautiful head that had been trying to merge with its other half ceased resisting and fused with the faces of Aurore and Jenna. This brought back the imprints of Aurore’s and Jenna’s past selves left in the mirror, which swiftly repaired the corresponding fragments of their souls.</p>
<p>Lumian fully accommodated the malevolent dragon.</p>
<p>Immediately, he felt a torrent of madness, ferocity, and destructive intent rampaging within him. These were partially absorbed by the chaotic vortex face, partially drawn away by the lingering consciousness of the City of Calamity Dao integrators, and partially suppressed by the combined wills of Lumian, Aurore, and Jenna.</p>
<p>On both sides of Lumian’s body, bulges began to form and writhe rapidly, each developing into a new body. These new bodies were connected to his original flesh, tightly adhered, and partially fused.</p>
<p>On the right was a purely female figure clad in a sacred white robe, her hands milky and ethereal. Her head featured Aurore at the front and Jenna at the back, able to rotate freely in any direction, unrestrained by a neck.</p>
<p>On the left was a half-male, half-female body, with a head composed of the Cheek face, the chaotic vortex face, and Alista Tudor’s face. It wielded a charred banner in its hands.</p>
<p>In the center was Lumian himself, adorned with long, blood-red hair and iron-black eyes. A prominent design of a true dragon from the Western Continent was etched between his brows.</p>
<p>Suppressing the madness and will of the malevolent dragon, Lumian turned his head to the right.</p>
<p>Aurore and Jenna’s eyelashes quivered lightly before their eyes opened in unison, revealing smiles.</p>
<p>Lumian exhaled suddenly, a mixture of relief, emotion, and regret in his mind as he communicated telepathically: <em>“It really is possible to resurrect… in this way…</em></p>
<p><em>“Unfortunately, it won’t last more than a few minutes.”</em></p>
<p>Lumian meant that the balance within his body would not hold for more than a few minutes. This balance was predicated on the weakened state of the malevolent dragon’s consciousness and will. Once the malevolent dragon recovered, the balance would inevitably collapse.</p>
<p>The two types of Uniqueness in his current body were closely linked to the mirrored Original Creator, counterbalanced by the chaotic vortex face corresponding to the Primordial God Almighty. This trifecta of forces maintained a delicate equilibrium.</p>
<p>Although Lumian, Aurore, and Jenna’s bodies had achieved corresponding status levels, and their wills had been sufficiently strengthened, they were only supported by two Sequence 1 Beyonder characteristics each.</p>
<p>In this situation, should the malevolent dragon’s consciousness awaken, Lumian, Aurore, and Jenna would have little means to resist—unless the Primordial God Almighty actively sought resurrection within the chaotic vortex face, forming a larger and more stable framework.</p>
<p>But alas, no such fortune would come to pass.</p>
<p>This was the consequence of being forcibly driven and filled to reach this point.</p>
<p>With her hair turned black, her eyes restored to deep brown, and her appearance and charm elevated to Above the Sequences, Aurore listened to Lumian’s sentiments. Her expression remained calm, and she smiled gently, her voice soft.</p>
<p><em>“When I died in Cordu Village, I did feel wronged, angry, and resentful. But when you became a Demoness of Unaging and I began to sense everything around me, to perceive what was happening, I gradually came to terms with it. Death isn’t always a bad thing.</em></p>
<p><em>“When I learned about the Dragon Lock and its story, and when I saw the actions of those souls just now, I found even greater peace. Our predecessors and forebears could sacrifice themselves; so can I. Death can be as light as a feather or as heavy as a mountain. I am willing to accept the destiny that awaits me and to act accordingly.”</em></p>
<p>The head rotated, and Jenna’s increasingly radiant face turned to Lumian. With a smile, she said, <em>“When I killed Hugues Artois, I thought, ‘Even if I die, I must avenge my mother and those victims. That bastard can’t keep laughing.’</em></p>
<p><em>“When I advanced to become a Demoness of Unaging, I thought, ‘Even if I die, I must save you. You still have unfulfilled wishes.’</em></p>
<p><em>“Now, it brings to mind something Franca once joked about:</em></p>
<p><em>“‘Would you rather be a coward for a lifetime or a hero for five minutes?’</em></p>
<p><em>“To die with you and Aurore to save everyone—I think that’s the most romantic thing in the world.”</em></p>
<p>As Lumian listened, his heart gradually calmed, his self-destructive tendencies easing.</p>
<p>He lifted his head to gaze at the blood-stained throne high on the steps, his smile radiant as he said, “Then let’s complete the final step of accommodation.”</p>
<hr />
<p>In the real world.</p>
<p>The mass of entangled lightning approached the blood-red moon and the colossal figure at near-light speed.</p>
<p>It tore through the void but quickly froze beside the crimson full moon. Each strand of its light was tainted scarlet, gaining new life as they detached and scattered.</p>
<p>The terrifying lightning mass rapidly disintegrated.</p>
<p>Its two brightest remnants were guided by Klein through Grafting toward the cross above a protected zone.</p>
<p>In the next moment, the explosion and shockwave from the lightning unfurled, erupting with a deafening roar. The natural light of the crimson moon shattered and dissipated, revealing a breach.</p>
<p>In the astral world, the Evernight Goddess, Amanises, holding a golden bird-shaped ornament in Her hands, stepped forward, leaving a single remark for the God of Steam and Machinery, Stiano, “It’s our turn to stake our lives.”</p>
<p>The God of Steam and Machinery, Stiano, was about to follow when He suddenly sensed something and turned His gaze to the heights of the real world.</p>
<p>A deep crimson meteor inexplicably appeared, dragging a long tail of flame as it plunged toward the blood-red moon and the colossal figure.</p>
<p>The entire sky and world were engulfed in crimson fire.</p>
<p>In the Year 1360, as July faded to its final days, crimson rained from the heavens.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
