<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1147.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1138-wisdom" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1138: Wisdom</h2>
<p>Seeing that The Setting Sun Rooster now had only one head remaining and could not grow a new one for the time being, Demoness of Cyan Yalenna’s eyes turned an iron-black hue, reflecting the pale weaknesses on The Hanged Man Alger’s body.</p>
<p>She avoided using Weakness Investigation on the brass book, knowing it was beyond her ability to handle.</p>
<p>Amidst her investigation, the single remaining head on the black rooster perched on Yalenna’s shoulder let out a sharp, malevolent crow.</p>
<p>The Hanged Man Alger immediately felt an invisible force pulling his consciousness and spirit downward, as though he were an irreversible sunset.</p>
<p>His facial muscles twitched uncontrollably, forming a grim, hateful expression.</p>
<p>Affected by the corrupted voice, he began to succumb to depravity.</p>
<p>However, unlike the initial moment when the three heads of the black rooster simultaneously brought different influences, leaving him in a dangerous situation reliant on passive protection, Alger now retained some room for maneuver.</p>
<p>Depravity was a process, not an instantaneous event.</p>
<p>Having been a Sea King for many years, The Hanged Man Alger had accumulated substantial high-ranking experience, which helped shape the temperament required of the Sailor pathway, also known as the Tyrant pathway. With a stern expression, he resisted the urge to be depraved and, with great difficulty and determination, activated one of his Beyonder powers.</p>
<p>At this moment, Demoness of Cyan Yalenna had already created several mirror projections of herself, each possessing a certain degree of power, surrounding The Hanged Man Alger. All of their eyes captured his figure.</p>
<p>She was on the verge of completing her curse, a Demoness’s Curse fueled by the Fire of Destruction.</p>
<p>Just then, a terrifying, visible tornado spiraled into existence around The Hanged Man Alger, with him as its eye. The vortex expanded outward in rings, swelling in all directions.</p>
<p>This was the Sailor pathway’s demigod-level ability—Hurricane.</p>
<p>Yalenna and her mirror projections lost sight of their target amidst the palpable, howling winds.</p>
<p>The Demoness’s Curse she was about to unleash thus lost its medium.</p>
<p>Within the terrifying hurricane’s eye, The Hanged Man Alger, while holding the Tyrant card to elevate his rank and sense of oppression, used it to dictate the second rule on the Trunsoest Brass Book: “This battlefield is a Land of Light, a domain of righteousness. All depravity and evil shall find no footing.”</p>
<p>This was the high-level application of the Judgment pathway’s ability to enact laws and decrees, which allowed multiple Prohibitions to take effect simultaneously by defining the environment.</p>
<p>In an instant, the dark battlefield, originating from the mirror world, was illuminated by an unknown source of light. The head of The Setting Sun Rooster drooped lifelessly with a snap, unable to utter corrupted words or emanate depravity.</p>
<p>Demoness of Cyan Yalenna also found herself unable to cast curses or other dark magic.</p>
<p>Her heart skipped a beat as she observed the other battlefields through her mirror projections, taking in the overall situation.</p>
<p>Without hesitation, Demoness of Cyan Yalenna took a step back, preparing to traverse through the mirror world.</p>
<p>The moment she formed this intention, the howling hurricane shattered into countless streaks of silvery-white lightning, bursting forth with a destructive, violent aura that engulfed the entire battlefield, transforming it into a forest of thunderbolts leading to inevitable destruction.</p>
<p>The Hanged Man Alger left no chance for the Demoness of Cyan to escape the battlefield.</p>
<p>After releasing Lightning Storm, now free of the influence of depravity, he broke into a sweat as he laboriously manifested the third rule on the Trunsoest Brass Book.</p>
<p>At this stage, limited by his own rank, even with the support of the Tyrant card, any rules he established had to be derivative of the first two and could not come out of thin air.</p>
<p>Facing the area-wide assault of the thunderbolt forest, Demoness of Cyan Yalenna sketched a radiant smile.</p>
<p>Suppressing the use of her Mirror Substitution ability, she allowed the Lightning Storm to shatter her body, leaving her flesh charred and evaporating.</p>
<p>She deliberately died this way, escaping the battlefield through her mirror self and returning to a hidden location.</p>
<p>The Demonesses of Unaging participating in this battle had all prudently left their mirror selves outside this region of the mirror world, rather than bringing them into battle. In a battlefield involving multiple Grade 0 Sealed Artifacts, a mirror self without a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact would be of little use and was better kept as a means of ensuring escape at a critical moment.</p>
<p>As Demoness of Cyan Yalenna died painfully within the Lightning Storm, the third rule on the Trunsoest Brass Book was completed: “Depraved and evil entities shall be confiscated.”</p>
<p>Yalenna’s body was completely destroyed and evaporated, but The Setting Sun Rooster remained, falling straight to the ground.</p>
<hr />
<p>After her body was destroyed from within by an eruption of countless silvery swords, the Demoness of Orange returned from annihilation, catching the Tamara’s Everchanging Card and completing her resurrection.</p>
<p>In the next moment, she and the Demoness of Gold felt a powerful suppression, weakening them in all aspects.</p>
<p>When The Sun Derrick finally comprehended the core of his righteousness, the traits of the Justice Mentor were fully brought to bear!</p>
<p>The Notary and Unshadowed abilities gained new manifestations at the Justice Mentor level, enhancing actions aligned with core righteousness while weakening or nullifying those that contradicted it.</p>
<p>This time, The Sun Derrick participated in this operation to help Lumian resolve the Demoness Sect and enable the emergence of a new great existence to save the world.</p>
<p>This was his justice, his light, his sun, and he was putting it into practice. Anything obstructing this endeavor was an unjust act!</p>
<p>Immediately afterward, The Sun Derrick used Madam Judgment as a medium to unleash another ability of Proof of Glory.</p>
<p>Blinding light spots erupted from Madam Judgment, Magnified by Solomon’s Mask into a terrifying storm that shredded everything around it.</p>
<p>But before that could happen, the Demoness of Gold, aided by the Eye of God, foresaw the signs and made her decision.</p>
<p>Wisdom always allowed her to make the right choice!</p>
<p>With a crisp crack, she actively used her Mirror Substitution.</p>
<p>Influenced by her, Demoness of Orange also activated her Mirror Substitution.</p>
<p>The ensuing Hurricane of Light swept through, devouring only two mirrors.</p>
<p>When the Hurricane of Light subsided, the two Demonesses of Unaging wielding Grade 0 Sealed Artifacts reappeared in a corner.</p>
<p>The battle continued for a while, with neither side able to achieve a decisive victory.</p>
<p>Suddenly, the Demoness of Gold transmitted a message to the Demoness of Orange through her mirror projections: <em>“Change the battlefield—to the kill zone!”</em></p>
<p><em>The kill zone…</em> The Demoness of Orange was momentarily stunned.</p>
<p>Quickly grasping her companion’s intent while also monitoring the other battlefields, she directed the Tamara’s Everchanging Card floating before her to rapidly shift its front-facing pattern.</p>
<p>The new pattern depicted a gray-white backdrop filled with countless black “snakes.”</p>
<p>As the scene unfolded, The Sun Derrick and Judgment Xio Derecha felt the surroundings growing increasingly illusory, as though a transformation was imminent.</p>
<p>At once, The Sun Derrick channeled the power of the Glory Crown into Madam Judgment.</p>
<p>Judgment Xio stabbed her longsword downward.</p>
<p>Holy and resplendent light surged forth from the void around them, forming a sturdy and pure spherical barrier that shielded the two Major Arcana card holders, rooting them to the battlefield.</p>
<p>Simultaneously, Judgment Xio imbued the barrier with distorting power, redirecting the battlefield shift elsewhere.</p>
<p>She reasoned that it was unwise to passively follow the Demonesses’ lead to an evidently abnormal location.</p>
<p>What if that place turned out to be the divine kingdom of the Primordial Demoness?</p>
<p>If that were the case, even without a trap, both she and The Sun Derrick would be unable to withstand it!</p>
<p>Since their primary objective was to support Lumian in devastating the Demoness Sect Cult rather than to kill anyone specific, it was better to play it safe and regroup with victorious allies from other battlefields to pursue the enemy later.</p>
<p>Moments later, the environment around them transformed.</p>
<p>The light-formed spherical barrier wavered violently, as though struck by the fiercest of storms, but it remained firmly rooted in the current battlefield.</p>
<p>The Demoness of Gold and Demoness of Orange, carrying their respective Grade 0 Sealed Artifacts, shifted to the scene depicted on the Tamara’s Everchanging Card and did not return to the mirror world or face Judgment Xio and The Sun Derrick again.</p>
<p>They had fled.</p>
<p>The wielder of the Eye of God always foresaw shifts in the situation and made the right choices at the right time.</p>
<p><em>Demonesses of Unaging are truly hard to kill…</em> Judgment Xio murmured in quiet admiration.</p>
<p><em>†</em></p>
<p>Within the special mirror world,</p>
<p>Lumian slashed at the airborne Primordial Demoness Cheek with the Sword of Destruction, using Salinger’s Blood Banner as its medium.</p>
<p>The blade seemed to carry a hint of the River of Eternal Darkness’s corruption, its black flames restrained yet increasingly terrifying.</p>
<p>Behind Lumian, his puppet army suddenly scattered. Part moved to the Primordial Demoness’s back, part to the area above Her, while others flanked Her sides and below.</p>
<p>This was Blink.</p>
<p>Each puppet could Blink!</p>
<p>With 0-01, Lumian could share Beyonder powers among his team.</p>
<p>The source of the Blink ability was a metallic puppet among them, imbued with an Angel-level boon from Mr. Fool himself—a power that could only last three minutes once activated.</p>
<p>The puppet raised a staff formed of starlight, causing the surrounding void around Primordial Demoness Cheek to warp downward, forming a cage to hinder Her escape.</p>
<p>Primordial Demoness Cheek smiled faintly at the sight and clenched Her right hand.</p>
<p>Once again, a vortex of chaos encompassing all colors and possibilities appeared around Her body, though it lacked the terror and oppression it held earlier.</p>
<p>Although the Primordial Demoness was no longer a true god for now, She still possessed a Uniqueness—Her rank was undeniably real!</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
