<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1142.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1133-changes-on-the-battlefield" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1133: Changes on the Battlefield</h2>
<p>Wearing Solomon’s Mask, which caused her to grow significantly taller to over six feet, Madam Judgment Xio Derecha placed her right hand on the asymmetrical black-and-gold mask.</p>
<p>The black-and-gold mask began to writhe as though burrowing deeper into Madam Judgment’s face.</p>
<p>Distortion!</p>
<p>Solomon’s Mask could distort rules to a certain extent.</p>
<p>This time, Madam Judgment chose to distort the rule created by the Pillar of Severity: “The battlefield shall be divided.”</p>
<p>As a seasoned Imperative Mage and long-time Chaos Hunter, Xio had spent years maintaining order and constructing rules to limit enemies and enhance herself. This seemed at odds with distorting rules, but perhaps it was precisely because she understood rules so deeply that, at this moment, she knew exactly where to twist them for maximum effect.</p>
<p>The underlying principle of “The battlefield shall be divided” was to “end chaos, restore order, and enforce balance.” Since the goal was balance, the balance itself could be distorted to become even more extreme.</p>
<p>The disparity in strength between the two sides—including Sealed Artifacts—was clearly not balanced. How could that be called balance?</p>
<p>If you want balance, I’ll make it even more balanced!</p>
<p>In an instant, the matchups on the battlefield changed:</p>
<p>Madam Judgment Xio Derecha was drawn into the battlefield of Mr. Sun Derrick and the Demoness of Gold, along with her original opponent, the Demoness of Orange holding Tamara’s Everchanging Card.</p>
<p>2 vs. 2!</p>
<p>With Madam Judgment’s assistance, Mr. Sun Derrick could finally wield the Grade 0 Sealed Artifact—Proof of Glory. This adjustment balanced the power between the two factions, achieving a distorted equilibrium.</p>
<p>The other matchups were as follows:</p>
<p>Mr. Hanged Man Alger, wielding 0-02 and the Card of Blasphemy: Tyrant, faced the Demoness of Cyan Yalenna, who had The Setting Sun Rooster perched on her shoulder.</p>
<p>Mr. Moon Emlyn, clad in the Robe of Divine Blood, opposed the Demoness of White Katarina, who wore the Love’s Dread ring.</p>
<p>Mr. Star Leonard, holding the Staff of the Stars, was matched against the Demoness of Crimson, the wielder of the Pillar of Severity.</p>
<p>Two of Cups Franca—equipped with the Post-Apocalyptic Scripture and the Face of the Arcane—fought against three Demonesses of Unaging—Silver, Brown, and Green, who were armed only with Grade 1 Sealed Artifacts.</p>
<p>Madam Temperance Sharron, holding the Box of the Great Old Ones, faced both the Demoness of Black Clarice, wearing the Calamity of Crimson, and the true Angel, the mirrored Roselle Gustav.</p>
<p>In this distorted equilibrium, it seemed that the Box of the Great Old Ones needed to contend with both an Angel and a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact to maintain balance. This was likely because the third layer of the box contained something incredibly dangerous and terrifying.</p>
<p>Realizing the unfavorable situation, Madam Temperance Sharron couldn’t help but shudder internally. However, she had long been accustomed to controlling her emotions and desires, avoiding panic or anxiety.</p>
<p>Without hesitation, she opened the top layer of the silver-black jewelry box.</p>
<p>Empress Roselle watched coldly. Whether She hadn’t had time to react or had Her own considerations, She used no abilities.</p>
<p>Demoness of Black Clarice, just as her crystalline crimson crown began to glow, suddenly felt her body stiffen. She could barely move, as though she were a wind-up toy that hadn’t been fully wound.</p>
<p>She noticed that the previously void-like edges of the mirror world had taken on a tangible form, reflecting a silver-black sheen and becoming textured with granules.</p>
<p>Within the first layer of the Box of the Great Old Ones, the corresponding section of the mirror world had been shrunk down and encapsulated as part of a miniature diorama.</p>
<p>In this miniature scene, both Demoness of Black Clarice and Empress Roselle were reduced to palm-sized figures, their movements stiff and jerky, like lifelike wind-up toys.</p>
<p>The next moment, crimson light flared, and the entire “toy house” collapsed, dragging both the Demoness of Black and Empress Roselle into layer upon layer of annihilating void.</p>
<p>Catastrophe descended.</p>
<p>Suddenly, an illusory torrent of complex information surged upward from the void, spilling out of the still-open first layer of the Box of the Great Old Ones.</p>
<p>The torrent swiftly reassembled into the mature and beautiful form of Empress Roselle.</p>
<p>Madam Temperance Sharron was prepared. Her sapphire eyes reflected the image of the reformed Angel.</p>
<p>She abruptly reached out with her right hand toward her own eye, plucking out the eyeball that had locked onto Empress Roselle’s form. It came out bloodily.</p>
<p>As a Sequence 3 Disciple of Silence, her use of the ability Source of Curses no longer harmed herself. However, against an Angel who might be Sequence 1, she had to go all out, using this method to enhance the curse’s effectiveness.</p>
<p>She didn’t expect this to finish off an Angel but only sought to buy herself some time.</p>
<p>In this area teeming with Grade 0 Sealed Artifacts, no one knew how long the distorted equilibrium would hold or if anyone could circumvent the restrictions to come to her aid. These were variables, inevitable ones. Under the blessings of fate and the miracles of Mr. Fool, Sharron believed the ensuing variables would likely favor her. For now, her job was to stall for time, awaiting change, and to prevent herself from being swiftly defeated by the combined efforts of Empress Roselle and the Grade 0 Sealed Artifact-wielding Demoness of Black.</p>
<p>Madam Temperance Sharron quickly threw the eyeball—still frozen with Empress Roselle’s image—into the spirit world.</p>
<p>In the spirit world, an enormous bird, indescribable in form, swooped down, snatching the eyeball in its beak and flying deep into the spirit world, heading toward the heights where the Seven Lights were.</p>
<p>Such an encounter would affect the true body, resulting in a curse akin to banishment. Furthermore, the target would be subjected to constant attacks from dangerous creatures in the spirit world while being banished.</p>
<p>Empress Roselle glanced at Madam Temperance Sharron’s now-empty, blood-dripping eye socket and gave a nod of approval for her decisiveness and resolve.</p>
<p>The Angel did not resist the curse, allowing Herself to be dragged into the depths of the spirit world, disappearing from this battlefield.</p>
<p>“…” Sharron froze for a moment, faintly realizing that Empress Roselle might not have wanted to participate in this battle.</p>
<p>Her pale doll-like face was now streaked with crimson blood dripping from her missing eye, giving her ghostly, wraith-like aura an even more terrifying edge.</p>
<p>At this point, Demoness of Black Clarice, having resurrected through her mirrored self, reemerged from the shadows, once again wearing the Calamity of Crimson.</p>
<p>She had escaped the influence of the Box of the Great Old Ones through self-destruction.</p>
<p>On another battlefield, Mr. Hanged Man Alger, noticing the disadvantageous situation Sharron faced, immediately prepared to open the Trunsoest Brass Book to add patch-like rules to the distorted equilibrium and alter the unfavorable dynamics.</p>
<p>The Trunsoest Brass Book had been unsealed but still suffered from deceit and trickery, leaving it with no blank space to inscribe new rules. Under these circumstances, its activation level was minimal, only capable of basic and initial applications. Yet, for Mr. Hanged Man Alger, this was sufficient.</p>
<p>At that moment, Demoness of Cyan Yalenna’s three-headed black rooster raised its middle head with the bright crest: <em>“Cock-a-doodle-doo!”</em></p>
<p>The crowing, which should have heralded dawn, instead summoned darkness.</p>
<p>Mr. Hanged Man Alger suddenly felt his soul plummeting, sinking into the viscous black depths of his inner psyche.</p>
<p>Malice, dissatisfaction, and jealousy surged within him. He felt an overwhelming urge to conserve his strength and avoid unnecessary risks.</p>
<p><em>Why have they all become Angels, while I’ve yet to see my dawn?</em></p>
<p>These emotions affected Alger’s actions. The black rooster’s other two heads turned toward him simultaneously:</p>
<p>The crestless head raised its left wing high, causing the space around him to darken and thicken, folding inward to form a spherical prison.</p>
<p>The head with the faded crest had pitch-black eyes as Demoness of Cyan Yalenna’s left hand materialized a straight sword of abyssal depth.</p>
<p>Meanwhile, in her right hand, Demoness of Cyan Yalenna now held a straight sword wreathed in black flames, the fire embodying madness, savagery, and destruction.</p>
<p>She swung both swords at Mr. Hanged Man Alger, who was trapped within the spatial sphere.</p>
<p>Suddenly, Mr. Hanged Man Alger’s body shone with dazzling, holy sunlight, swiftly forming armor over his entire body.</p>
<p>Before entering the mirror world and joining the battle, Mr. Sun Derrick had cast the Sunlight Domain spell of Holy Armor on all his companions, except for Madam Temperance Sharron and Mr. Moon Emlyn.</p>
<p>On yet another battlefield.</p>
<p>Facing the combined assault of Demonesses of Silver, Brown, and Green, Franca used her Mirror Substitution to withstand the first wave of attacks.</p>
<p>Her silhouette then appeared in a corner, and she rapidly flipped open the Post-Apocalyptic Scripture to a specific page.</p>
<p>With her will, she had inscribed a prophecy onto the parchment: “All demigods attacking me will suffer the backlash of their own Sealed Artifacts due to bad luck.”</p>
<p><em>Smack!</em></p>
<p>The moment the Prophecy took effect, Franca employed Mirror Substitution to evade the Demoness of Brown’s curse.</p>
<hr />
<p>In the special mirror world,</p>
<p>A crimson full moon rose slowly, casting a faint, eerie red hue over the rainforest-like black hair and the gray-white stones scattered everywhere.</p>
<p>Seeing this, Primordial Demoness Cheek spat with a smile, neither alarmed nor angry.</p>
<p>As She created multiple mirror projections to evade the attacks of Lumian and 0-17, She addressed Roland, the former Matriarch of the Church of Earth Mother, who still carried numerous bird-clawed infants on Her body, “My daughter sent someone to stop me?</p>
<p>“Does She not want me to be Her mother?</p>
<p>“As a mother, how can a mother lack a mother?</p>
<p>“Or is She waiting for me and Alista to unite again and give birth to Her anew?”</p>
<p>Hearing this, Matriarch Roland, whose expression had been kindly and loving, suddenly turned grim.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
