<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1106.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1098-him" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1098: Him</h2>
<p><em>Would the terror of the special mirror world possibly bring trouble to the Outer Deities’ invasion? </em>Lumian, treading on a wild wind, turned his head to look at Amon. “What exactly is in the depths of the special mirror world?”</p>
<p>This was a direct participant who might know something!</p>
<p>Lumian had no expectation that Amon would certainly answer him, but asking wouldn’t cost anything.</p>
<p>Amon stood steadily in the air, laughing with His usual tone, “The embryonic form of the special mirror world was constructed by Bethel, to create a secret, spacious environment unknown to other gods for Tudor’s and Cheek’s meeting.</p>
<p>“Tudor wouldn’t care whether this matter was seen, but cared about whether it would be known by those who shouldn’t know.</p>
<p>“This is the style of His Imperial Majesty the Blood Emperor.”</p>
<p>“And then?” Lumian asked cooperatively.</p>
<p>Including the Termiboros period, he and Amon had already chatted “casually” several times.</p>
<p>Amon pressed the monocle in His right eye socket. “Later, the special mirror world underwent strange changes. Not only me, but Bethel and the others were no longer allowed to enter.</p>
<p>“His Majesty was fully capable of killing Angels.</p>
<p>“Afterward, His Majesty became even crazier. Cheek began to claim Herself as the true heir of the Original Creator, the first person born in chaos.</p>
<p>“In the Pale Disaster, Cheek suffered severe damage. For thousands of years, Her condition has been poor. But as a Demoness of Unaging, you should clearly know that for high-ranking Demonesses, this is unlikely to happen. They can quickly resurrect even when met with death, let alone just being severely wounded.”</p>
<p>Lumian could tell that Amon was intentionally saying these words. His arrival today was certainly not just for receiving the Circle of Inevitability’s letter.</p>
<p>“The true heir of the Original Creator…” Lumian recalled the various concepts of the Demoness Sect that Franca had told him, and suddenly made certain associations. “Shouldn’t it be the personas the Oldest One initially split off? And among them, only two are most important and qualified to say this: The Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings and the original God Almighty…”</p>
<p>Lumian paused, muttering to himself, “I’m aware that the combination of Tudor and Cheek was actually an arrangement left by the original God Almighty. The one believed in by the Aurora Order was also an object of arrangement, which will bring a destined accident.</p>
<p>“Moreover, the Demoness of Black said that the Primordial Demoness has five lines of honorific names, of which two are unknown to outsiders.”</p>
<p>Lumian’s current thinking was that if he wanted to obtain more intelligence from Amon, he would have to trade some of his own information.</p>
<p>Who gets something for free?</p>
<p>The one in front of him was the expert at free acquisitions, once the top Marauder!</p>
<p>Before Amon could respond, Lumian added another sentence, “The City of Calamity at the top of the Hunter and Demoness pathways was once contained by the original God Almighty.”</p>
<p>He began to suspect that the great terror of the special mirror world was related to the resurrection of the original God Almighty.</p>
<p>Amon glanced at him, smiling and saying, “For such matters, no one dares to confirm without seeing it personally.</p>
<p>“Initially, when the special mirror world first had anomalies, that zealot already knew something was wrong. The occurrence of the War of the Four Emperors was also Him pushing it from the shadows.</p>
<p>“He re-established contact with the Chaos Sea more than seven years ago. Although forcibly using the Chaos Sea’s power would cause the accommodation progress to regress, compared to those who still have to wait for the Western Continent’s seal to be lifted, He shouldn’t still be incapable of accomplishing an initial accommodation until today.</p>
<p>“Guess why He hasn’t truly accommodated the Chaos Sea?”</p>
<p><em>Are the concerns about the problems hidden in the depths of the special mirror world stopping Him? Does He want a Beyonder qualified to become the Origins of Disaster and Calamity of Destruction not only to cultivate power against the apocalypse but also because the path to the Origins of Disaster must necessarily pass through the depths of the special mirror world, triggering that great terror and presenting it before His eyes? Is part of the previous “bestowments” cost to be paid here? </em>Lumian thoughtfully said to Amon, “What else does that individual know about the special mirror world?”</p>
<p>Amon laughed and shook His head, answering off-topic, “Cheek’s remaining two honorific names are extremely secretive. Even color-titled high-ranking Demonesses don’t all know them. Only those with close connections to Cheek that might trigger divine descent when attacked, truly grasp them.</p>
<p>“Otherwise, why do you think those two honorific names could remain secret, unknown even to all current Sequence 0s? Medici could intimidate the Demoness of White, let alone those more powerful than Her.</p>
<p>“But that zealot might know something, after all, even the thoughts in one’s mind might not be hidden from Him.”</p>
<p><em>Is the Demoness of Black one of those with close connections to the Primordial Demoness? She indeed seems special…</em> Lumian glanced at Amon and suddenly laughed. “Using a true god’s honorific name in Intisian won’t incur divine punishment? Only using Hermes or ancient Hermes languages counts as blasphemy?”</p>
<p>After all, Cheek wasn’t an uncommon name.</p>
<p>“You only mentioned Hermes and ancient Hermes because you only mastered them?” Amon laughed, “Using ordinary language to recite a Sequence 0’s true name will attract attention but not necessarily divine punishment. As for me, guess why my title includes the description Blasphemer?”</p>
<p>Here, Amon adjusted the monocle in His right eye and looked Lumian up and down for a few seconds.</p>
<p>He said with an obvious smile, “Actually, I’m quite looking forward to you entering the depths of the special mirror world. Something interesting and unknown will definitely happen, and it’s not something that will affect me.</p>
<p>“Why not give it a shot?”</p>
<p>“Maybe I’ll consider it sometime in the future.” Lumian took on an unconcerned posture.</p>
<p>“Goodbye, my unacknowledged goddaughter. I hope when I see you next, you haven’t truly lost control and gone mad.” Amon waved like a human.</p>
<p>His figure suddenly disappeared.</p>
<p>Lumian lowered his head and gazed at the azure ocean shrouded in faint mist, activated the black mark on his right shoulder, and returned to the luxurious villa in Trier.</p>
<p>“How did it go?” Franca and Jenna, who had been waiting, asked in unison.</p>
<p>“The one called Inevitability sent a message through a Messenger of God,” Lumian told his two companions about the “letter’s” content.</p>
<p>“The one called Inevitability warned you not to go to the depths of the special mirror world? It feels like a weasel giving its well-wishes to a chicken—there’s definitely no good intention,” Franca muttered.</p>
<p>“Could this be a misdirection?” Jenna frowned. “But the secrets of the special mirror world’s depths related to the Primordial Demoness are indeed dangerous.”</p>
<p>“Probably not a misdirection,” Lumian recounted his conversation with Amon that he could speak about, then laughed self-mockingly, “Maybe the one who will save the end times is me, Mr. Fool will hold the fort, preventing those great existences from interfering with me. And when I reach the entrance of the special mirror world, I’ll shout to the sky, ‘Go back, or I’ll face that great terror!’”</p>
<p>“Like the Deterrence Era…” Franca couldn’t help but quip.</p>
<p>Jenna didn’t quite agree with Lumian’s words. “Maybe it would only bring trouble to the one called Inevitability, without affecting other great existences.”</p>
<p>“Do I look like an idiot? Before figuring out what exactly the great terror in the special mirror world’s depths is and whether it can deter those great existences, I would never do such a thing,” Lumian teased Jenna.</p>
<p>After chatting for a while, he took out the special mirror world fragment obtained from the Demoness of Despair Panatiya from the Traveler’s Bag and handed it to Franca.</p>
<p>“From now on, I must try to avoid direct contact with items related to the special mirror world.”</p>
<p>“Cautious!” Franca gave a thumbs up and praised Lumian.</p>
<p>She thought for a moment and took out her own special mirror world fragment, handing it to Jenna along with Lumian’s.</p>
<p>“I have the Primordial Demoness’s figurine. At critical moments, I must also avoid keeping it together with the special mirror world fragments.”</p>
<p>“I was just about to remind you,” Jenna smiled and collected the two special mirror world fragments.</p>
<p>Franca returned the smile and turned to Lumian.</p>
<p>“We’ll put this matter aside for now?”</p>
<p>She was referring to Louis Gustav’s matter. After some time, if this Emperor Party leader returned from Fourth Epoch Trier and the special mirror world, they would leave it to official Beyonders to handle, and notify the Demoness Sect on the side, not getting involved.</p>
<p>“Yeah.” Lumian nodded. “In the coming days, besides finding other cultists hidden in Trier and Zaratul’s clues, I’ll focus on digesting the potion. I might seek Mr. Fool’s permission to attempt the acting in a specific scenario for Weather Warlock.</p>
<p>“Also, I’ve communicated with Mr. Star and Mr. Moon. If they discover a base of the Rose School of Thought or an armed force belonging to them, they’ll immediately notify me. I’ll take you to the Southern Continent and launch a small war.”</p>
<p>The acting of a War Bishop must be completed in a war.</p>
<p>“Okay.” Franca pointed upstairs. “So there’s nothing else for now?”</p>
<p>She wanted to continue manufacturing giant robots.</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t respond directly but turned to Jenna and Franca with a smile. “I heard a very famous circus is touring in Trier. Want to go see it together?”</p>
<p>“Sure.” Jenna looked at Franca.</p>
<p>Franca hesitated for two seconds. “Alright.”</p>
<hr />
<p>More than a week later.</p>
<p>Angoulême de François put on a brown coat with gold-embroidered threads and walked towards the underground of Saint Viève Cathedral.</p>
<p>He and several colleagues were assigned to search for Louis Gustav and Madame Pualis in Fourth Epoch Trier. For this, they needed to hold a ritual, receive the blessing of the Eternal Blazing Sun, to resist the various corruptions existing in the Fourth Epoch Trier within a certain time.</p>
<p>Even for an Unshadowed, it would be quite dangerous otherwise.</p>
<p><em>Another one brought by Hidden Blade…</em> Angoulême sighed inwardly.</p>
<p>The matter of Louis Gustav and the person suspected to be Pualis meeting in Fourth Epoch Trier was personally reported by him.</p>
<p>After being assigned to this task, Angoulême had tried to find Hidden Blade in the telegram group multiple times, wanting to complain, but in the past week, Hidden Blade had only been online two or three times, and no one knew what she was busy with.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
