<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1171.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1162-a-distant-planet" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1162: A Distant Planet</h2>
<p>As the planet was torn into fragments in an instant, the three-headed, three-bodied, six-armed Lumian remained completely unaffected.</p>
<p>How could calamity itself ever be harmed by Disaster?</p>
<p>At some unknown point, he had already taken out the Box of the Great Old Ones, encrusted with various gemstones, and directly opened its third layer.</p>
<p>Inside, there was nothing—yet clear and unnerving sounds of chewing and digestion emanated from within.</p>
<p>Almost simultaneously, the right hand of the body housing Aurore and Jenna reached inside, pulling from the void a mass of chaotic liquid that contained all colors and all possibilities.</p>
<p>Then, that hand clenched into a fist, absorbing the liquid into a chaos vortex it created. It annihilated the contents within, incorporating them into Lumian’s own consciousness and spirit, specifically into the feminine aspect of the Origins of Disaster, thus balancing the residual corruption that could not be entirely eradicated.</p>
<p>As Lumian performed this action, a massive cross above the protective zones caused an even larger tide of chaos to surge forth, engulfing the zone completely.</p>
<p>The next moment, the terrifying gravitational pull of the immense star cluster and the disintegration of the fragmented planet caused the protective zones and the Chaos Sea that submerged it to tremble violently, as if on the brink of total collapse. The massive cross began to bend noticeably.</p>
<p>Yet, no matter what, the protective zones remained stable—for the time being, at least.</p>
<p><em>Now!</em></p>
<p>Klein felt the Great Old Dominators rushing to breach the barrier. Seizing the opportunity, he directed the projection of the bluish-black door of light into the protective zones, where it scattered into countless starlit fragments.</p>
<p>The Chaos Sea enveloping the protective zone abruptly contracted, retreating back into the shadowy figure on the cross. All that remained was a patch of deep darkness and a few dangerous artifacts.</p>
<p>The protective zones vanished.</p>
<p>They disappeared entirely.</p>
<p>Lord of Mysteries Klein instantly transferred billions of humans, countless other species, and the scenes from the dream to a target planet at the edge of the universe.</p>
<p>It was like a magician’s trick—drape a cloth over the table, then whip it away, and the objects underneath were gone.</p>
<hr />
<p>Within the protective zone, still functioning but with only five minutes left, The Magician Fors, standing in her home in Backlund, suddenly froze for a moment.</p>
<p>She said to Xio, Franca, Anthony, and Ludwig, “There’s no need for me to transfer you anymore. We’ve already reached our destination. Everyone has.”</p>
<p>“Uh…” Franca was stunned.</p>
<p>She had thought she would still have one final chance to make a decision.</p>
<p>It wasn’t until Madam Magician finished speaking that she, Madam Judgment Xio, Ludwig, and the others realized the environment around them had already changed.</p>
<p>At that moment, The Magician Fors frowned slightly and said, “Enemies are approaching—from space!”</p>
<p>As she spoke, Fors stretched out her right hand. With a burst of dazzling starlight, she conjured a fantastical screen in front of her.</p>
<p>On the screen were shadowy figures traversing different dimensions, as well as faint, unattainably high humanoid shapes, leaping toward the current planet.</p>
<p><em>Sequence 2 Dimensional Shadow and Sequence 1 Observer of the Painter pathway… and there’s more than one of them… Have they discovered Mr. Fool’s transfer of the protective zones and seen through the Deceit, locating this planet from a higher dimension and sending their Blessed?</em> While Madam Magician Fors’s consciousness resonated, the figures, however, did not directly descend into the current dimension. They stopped instead.</p>
<p>They understood that relying solely on Their angelic powers would not be enough to deal with the numerous and powerful “prey.”</p>
<p>They began summoning Visitors, seeking reinforcements.</p>
<p>This was Their habit. They were not mindless creatures driven by instinct to hunt recklessly without considering alliances.</p>
<p>The next second, one grotesque creature after another arrived through Hostels.</p>
<p>Some were women with closed eyes, weaving webs of fate; others wielded illusory, silvery dirks that seemed capable of severing the threads of fate and cutting off branches of the River of Fate.</p>
<p>Some belonged to different species, appearing humanoid or bizarre. All had three heads and six arms, with expressions ranging from malice and rage to sorrowful numbness, compassionate serenity, or blank incompleteness.</p>
<p>Some were radiant beings of starlight with six pairs of wings, while others were colossal transparent dragons, attempting to drive a small asteroid toward the planet at the edge of the universe.</p>
<p>Others were draped in black robes, revealing only writhing snakes or tentacles beneath. Still others had no physical form, existing only as whispers deep within living beings’ hearts.</p>
<p>Some wore fresh flower wreaths, appearing beautiful, holding wooden bows and arrows like true deities. Others resembled tree-like sea monsters, covered in slimy blossoms and chaos-slick scales, dotted with brown-green tumors.</p>
<p>There were beings that looked like dark vortices, filled with gleaming white teeth and tendrils of shadow extending outward, crowned with disparate heads. Others were blobs of liquid containing all colors.</p>
<p>Some seemed composed of water-colored time, Their massive forms slowing everything around Them. Others were hunched, ancient to the point of decrepitude, with loose, wrinkled skin blotched with decay. Aside from Their mountainous size, They appeared unremarkable.</p>
<p>Some stood loftily, as if holding up the sky itself to prevent it from collapsing, yet Their abdomens were entirely hollow. Others resembled immense greenish oak trees that seemed to pierce the heavens…</p>
<p>Upon seeing this scene, The Madam Magician Fors’s mind was suddenly flooded with information, drawn from Mr. Fool, Ma’am Hermit, The Chariot Lumian the Chariot, and her own explorations.</p>
<p><em>Sequence 2 Web Weaver and Sequence 1 Blade of Fate of the Goddess of Fate pathway…</em></p>
<p><em>Sequence 2 Sinner and Sequence 1 Angel of Redemption of the Circle of Inevitability pathway…</em></p>
<p><em>Sequence 2 Radiant Angel and Sequence 1 Star Dragon of the Tide Scholar pathway…</em></p>
<p><em>Sequence 2 Great Old One Attendant and Sequence 1 Voice of the Heart, of the Initiator pathway…</em></p>
<p><em>Sequence 2 Cupid and Sequence 1 Leviathan of the Mother Tree of Desire pathway…</em></p>
<p><em>Sequence 2 Angel of Devouring and Sequence 1 Chaos Gastric Juices of the Chef pathway…</em></p>
<p><em>Sequence 2 Time Giant and Sequence 1 God of Decay of the Monarch of Decay pathway…</em></p>
<p><em>Sequence 2 The Supreme or Broken Pillar and Sequence 1 Tree God of the Heretic Spellmaster pathway…</em></p>
<p>Madam Magician took a deep breath, turned her head, and smiled at Judgment Xio. “It’s not over yet. We still have work to do.”</p>
<p>Having spoken, the recently advanced Sequence 1 Key of Stars stepped out of the protective zone and appeared above the habitable planet she had discovered during her previous travels.</p>
<p>She raised her right hand, unveiling a vast and dreamlike starry sky to cover the entire protective zone, sealing it in a defensive barrier.</p>
<p>The coming battle could not be allowed to affect the interior of the protective zone, nor could those evil god Blessed infiltrate it!</p>
<p>No sooner had Fors finished this task than another figure appeared nearby—the Pope of the Church of Evernight, Saint Dabomachie.</p>
<p>Saint Dabomachie, now transformed into a giant dozens of meters tall with elongated limbs, grayish-blue skin, and a single vertical eye on His forehead,</p>
<p>had ascended to Sequence 1 Hand of God in the Warrior pathway. His right hand seemed to be made entirely of glowing orange twilight.</p>
<p>Summoning pure, dense light imbued with orange hues, Saint Dabomachie added another layer of unyielding radiance outside Fors’s seal.</p>
<p>Double protection!</p>
<p>As Saint Dabomachie wielded His protective power, yet another figure emerged from the protective zone.</p>
<p>This was a black-haired, blue-eyed middle-aged man with a stern demeanor, square face, and high nose, cloaked in a dark mantle: William Augustus, the founder of the Loen Kingdom.</p>
<p>William Augustus did not act immediately. He raised His head to observe the tug-of-war between disorder and balance, the evolving order of the battlefield, and the enemy forces’ formation, carefully calculating the rules and structures He would impose.</p>
<p>Such decisions could not afford errors. If situations like “Mystery weakens here, while reality grows stronger” were imposed, and the enemy deployed something akin to the ship used in the sea prayer ritual, those very rules might end up limiting their own side’s Angels.</p>
<p>The Magician Fors, about to speak to Saint Dabomachie and William Augustus, saw Xio and Franca appear beside her.</p>
<p>Meeting her gaze, Judgment Xio said calmly, “For me, establishing and maintaining order is fundamentally about protection.”</p>
<p>Fors smiled but said nothing. Instead, she turned to Franca.</p>
<p>Franca cleared her throat and replied solemnly, “I’m not the type to hide behind others.</p>
<p>“At a time like this, every bit of strength counts. Every bit of light helps.”</p>
<p>Given her personality, how could she not have fantasized about being a savior—the kind who signed non-disclosure agreements and remained unsung after the fact?</p>
<p>Madam Magician laughed. “Even if you didn’t come, I would’ve summoned you.”</p>
<p>Then, through the seal and barriers, she addressed Anthony within the protective zone, “Your job is to Placate and maintain stability.”</p>
<p>Anthony hesitated briefly before turning to Ludwig and saying, “I’ll handle the Trier area.”</p>
<p>Without waiting for a response, he entered the sea of collective subconscious.</p>
<p>His expression was heavy, yet tinged with joy.</p>
<p><em>How wonderful. This time, I can do something. I can placate. I can stabilize the rear for the Angels.</em></p>
<p><em>Back then, it may have been naive and laughable, but I didn’t join the army for wealth or status—I did it to protect my country and its people…</em></p>
<p>Ludwig neither followed Anthony nor immediately left the protective zone. Instead, he now held a jewelry box encrusted with countless gemstones and a writhing blob of chaotic liquid.</p>
<p>From across half the universe, Lumian had hurled the Box of the Great Old Ones to him.</p>
<p>Staring at the two items, Ludwig’s expression fluctuated.</p>
<p>After a few seconds, he gritted his teeth and swallowed the chaotic liquid.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
