<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1128.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1119-returning-home" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1119: Returning Home</h2>
<p>After leaving the luxurious villa that used to be her own but now housed Lumian and his companions, Madam Justice paused for two seconds and said to Susie, who was beside her, “Let’s go home.”</p>
<p>“Home?” Susie’s tone suddenly became a little dreamy.</p>
<p>“Yes, back to Backlund.” Madam Justice smiled. Her green eyes sparkled brightly, filled with anticipation and hope, as if she had returned to her girlhood.</p>
<p>Susie fully understood Audrey’s meaning, and a nostalgic expression appeared on her canine face. “Okay.”</p>
<p>Over the years, she and Audrey had returned to Backlund on occasion. After the crimson moon’s descent, they even stayed there for long periods, secretly protecting the Hall family. But this time, Audrey wanted to truly return home—to be with her parents and other loved ones.</p>
<p>Justice Audrey’s figure quickly became ethereal, carrying Susie, who was now a Manipulator, as they traversed the sea of collective subconsciousness.</p>
<p>Her voice, tinged with obvious emotion, lingered at the spot before gradually fading into the wind, “The prelude to the final battle is about to begin. If I don’t go home now, there won’t be another chance. I don’t want to face the true apocalypse with regrets…”</p>
<p>Loen Kingdom, Backlund.</p>
<p>Justice Audrey and Susie emerged from the sea of collective subconsciousness onto a street close to Empress Borough.</p>
<p>They didn’t rush home but instead strolled along the street, savoring the mundane pleasures of daily life.</p>
<p>No one noticed them, nor did anyone realize that the daughter of Earl Hall was wandering through the crowd without a maid or bodyguard, looking around curiously.</p>
<p>At this time, well-dressed gentlemen in silk top hats and ladies with parasols were moving in and out of department stores, upscale cafés, and opera houses. Two- or four-seater carriages hurried by, while a small circus performed by the fountain, surrounded by children. In the distance, a steam-powered four-wheeled vehicle chugged away, its vibrations gradually fading into the road.</p>
<p>Justice Audrey observed the scene with focused attention, making no effort to hide her nostalgia.</p>
<p>Suddenly, she sensed something unusual and turned her gaze toward a man and a woman about to board a four-seater carriage.</p>
<p>The man was dressed in a black suit, and the woman wore a yellow, flowing gown of sheer fabric with a fresh touch of makeup.</p>
<p>The moment Justice Audrey looked their way, the pair froze abruptly.</p>
<p>Plants—some brownish, others greenish—burst wildly from their tear ducts, nostrils, mouths, ear canals, and even pores. There were branches and vines.</p>
<p>Their bloodshot eyes, now tainted with a crimson hue, radiated intense malice as they turned to glare at the coachman and the surrounding pedestrians.</p>
<p>However, they seemed to “decide” to hold back, waiting until they were in a better state before launching an attack.</p>
<p>But their transformations did not go unnoticed. Screams of terror pierced the peaceful and lively street, echoing far and wide.</p>
<p>The pedestrians fled desperately. In just seconds, the area around the man and woman became desolate.</p>
<p>Their madness erupted. With a loud bang, chunks of flesh mixed with green plants and crimson moonlight splattered outward.</p>
<p>Soon, a team of Nighthawks bearing the Dark Sacred Emblem arrived.</p>
<p>They swiftly dealt with the nauseating flesh and remnants.</p>
<p>The fleeing pedestrians suddenly slowed, some returning to their conversations with companions, others stepping into nearby cafés to order coffee with desserts, appearing relaxed and at ease.</p>
<p>The coachman returned to his carriage, gazing into the distance, waiting for passengers.</p>
<p>None of them paid any attention to the Nighthawks’ cleanup or even glanced in their direction.</p>
<p>It was as if they had completely forgotten what had just happened, returning to their daily lives.</p>
<p>Justice Audrey stood watching for a while, sighed, and continued walking toward Empress Borough.</p>
<p>Before long, she and Susie entered the sea of collective subconsciousness again, emerging in a corner of her long-unvisited bedroom.</p>
<p>Inside, another Audrey, dressed in a green-and-white gown, sat at the dressing table, fastening a pair of petite pearl earrings.</p>
<p>She turned her body and looked at Justice Audrey, her expression lighting up with joy. “You’re finally back!”</p>
<p>She then asked in a verifying tone, “You’ve become an Angel?”</p>
<p>Justice Audrey smiled and nodded. “Yes. It took a long time to prepare for the ritual, but I completed it three months ago.”</p>
<p>The advancement ritual for a Sequence 2 Discerner in the Spectator pathway required delving into the subconscious of at least ten thousand humans, uncovering their deepest fears, most primal desires, and the root of all their psychological issues, then leaving a mark of oneself.</p>
<p>This was not only tedious but also dangerous. Every human carried godhood and was subject to the erosion and influence of the sea of collective subconsciousness, inheriting the most profound cognition and impressions of ancient humanity. Chaos, madness, and primal instincts lurked deep within their subconscious. Exploring these depths risked corruption, mental instability, or even derangement.</p>
<p>In this ritual, the quantitative requirement could be reduced by targeting higher-ranked Beyonders, but this entailed greater risks. For example, delving into the subconscious of Madam Magician could mean encountering the mental imprints or past shadows of The Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings. Choosing Lumian as a target would suffice for the ritual but would involve facing the most primal and frenzied mind, even glimpses of the Original Creator or the Primordial God Almighty.</p>
<p>“Wasn’t that dangerous?” Audrey, now wearing her pearl earrings, asked with curiosity.</p>
<p>Though over twenty years old, with mature demeanor and temperament, a trace of girlish innocence lingered in her tone.</p>
<p>Justice Audrey smiled. “It was indeed dangerous. During the preparation, I witnessed the worst of human nature, the wildest desires, the most chaotic perceptions, and also the noblest virtues, the most beautiful emotions, and the highest ideals. Sometimes, these contradictory elements existed simultaneously in a single person’s subconscious.”</p>
<p>“Human nature is complex,” Audrey agreed with a nod.</p>
<p>After observing Justice Audrey for a few seconds, she sighed and asked nostalgically, “You’ve been to many places over the years, haven’t you?”</p>
<p>Justice Audrey smiled gently. “I lived in East Borough for a year, then south of Trier’s Quartier du Jardin Botanique for another year. I spent a year in the Southern Continent and nearly two years along the coastal cities of Midseashire. Those are lands of steel and steam. Their architecture resembles towering iron trees standing close together, their ‘branches’ interconnected. Each ‘bark’ and ‘leaf’ is a room housing a family of workers. Only a few ‘leaves’ and ‘bark’ receive sunlight…”</p>
<p>Audrey listened intently, as if she too had traveled to those places and witnessed those sights.</p>
<p>After a long pause, she asked with anticipation, “Do you have an answer now?”</p>
<p>“There isn’t one answer to all questions.” Justice Audrey gave a self-deprecating smile. “I only understand one thing now: Humanity must unite and show collective strength to the deities to gain a higher status, just as workers, farmers, herders, and clerks must overcome fear and band together to demand better treatment and greater security from those in power.</p>
<p>“That’s why we cannot side with beings born as gods. They don’t need anchors; humanity is meaningless to Them. If They achieve ultimate victory, our existence, joys, and sorrows will depend solely on Their whims and chaotic intentions, leaving us utterly powerless.”</p>
<p>Audrey caught the melancholy and worry in Justice’s tone and playfully comforted her, “We may not need those born as gods, but we were born noble.”</p>
<p>“No.” Justice Audrey shook her head and said with a faint smile, “Nobility isn’t about lineage, status, or position; it’s about one’s heart and character.”</p>
<p>She extended her right hand toward Audrey, who was dressed in the green-and-white gown.</p>
<p>“Welcome home~” Audrey said with a smile, lightly clapping her hand against Justice Audrey’s.</p>
<p>With a crisp clap, the two figures suddenly merged into one, inseparable ever again.</p>
<p>Audrey now donned the green-and-white gown, fastened the pearl earrings, and applied simple makeup. Leaving the bedroom, she descended the stairs, passed through the hall, and arrived on the second floor of the ballroom, accompanied by a lady’s maid and Susie.</p>
<p>Crystal chandeliers hung overhead, an orchestra played, and men and women in formal attire mingled elegantly, chatting in small groups with drinks in hand or dancing gracefully in pairs on the ballroom floor.</p>
<p>Audrey took a glass of pale-golden champagne from a passing tray and stood by the railing, gazing down with a gentle smile. She watched her father, Earl Hall, her mother, Lady Caitlyn, and the familiar nobles chatting, as well as her elder brothers waltzing with their partners.</p>
<p>She didn’t join them, content to watch with a smile.</p>
<p>Late that night, the entire population of Backlund shared the same dream.</p>
<p>In the dream, a voice seemed to say: <em>“Mr. Medici, Lumian Lee wants to meet you. You may choose the time and place.”</em></p>
<p>Normally, this voice would only echo in the dreams or minds of Backlund’s residents, slowly spreading to other cities and nations through the sea of collective subconsciousness. This time, however, it reached beings outside Backlund almost instantly, with hardly any delay.</p>
<hr />
<p><em>“Mr. Medici, Lumian Lee wants to meet you. You may choose the time and place.”</em></p>
<p>Red Angel Medici, with His feet propped up on a table, scratched His ear and sneered.</p>
<p>“Only now did he muster the courage to make this decision?</p>
<p>“I’ve been waiting nearly a year.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
