<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1112.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1104-catastrophe" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1104: Catastrophe</h2>
<p>In their rapid descent, Lumian, Franca, and Jenna, as Beyonders of the Demoness pathway, quickly realized they were in the depths of the mirror world.</p>
<p>Just as they were about to use their inherent qualities to lead the entire team away from the area filled with spacetime turbulence and return to the real world, a figure appeared in the deep, dark surroundings.</p>
<p>The figure wore a gray, old-fashioned long dress, with thick and long hair cascading like a waterfall. Her blue eyes were more crystalline than gemstones, with a delicate, small chin and moist, glossy red lips. She was a beautiful, mature woman with an exceptional temperament.</p>
<p>Seeing this figure, Franca’s mind instantly buzzed.</p>
<p>She recognized her.</p>
<p>She had seen this gray-dressed woman’s Mirror Projection with the Demoness of Black.</p>
<p>As a newly appointed Saint of the Demoness Sect, she had no choice but to meet her.</p>
<p>This was the matriarch of the Demoness of Gray, the divine child of the Primordial Demoness, the Demoness of Gray Judith!</p>
<p>Judith was a Sequence 2 Demoness of Catastrophe. She looked at Lumian and the others, raising Her exquisite and beautiful articulated wrist with a charming smile.</p>
<p>She was about to bring disaster.</p>
<p>And for the mirror world, what could truly be called a catastrophe?</p>
<p>Of course, it would be a complete collapse, swallowed by spacetime turbulence!</p>
<p>Silently, Lumian saw the deep, dark surroundings begin to peel away, like a mirror cracking, with fragments falling off the surface.</p>
<p>Indescribable spacetime turbulence swept in.</p>
<p>Franca and the others, who were originally far from the turbulence in the mirror world’s depths, were suddenly thrown into a scene of world-ending collapse.</p>
<p>Lumian had no time to think, activating the black mark on his right shoulder to Teleport the entire team out of the area.</p>
<p>However, the spacetime turbulence had already surged in, weakening the team’s connections. Though they were close, they seemed to be in different worlds. Simultaneously, Lumian’s perception of external coordinates became imprecise, blurry, and chaotic.</p>
<p>Lumian did not hesitate and used Teleportation.</p>
<p>Although this forced Teleportation would cause Franca and the others to be affected by the spacetime turbulence and randomly sent to different destinations, the weakest team member was still a Sequence 4 Saint. As long as they could escape this area of turbulent disaster, whether still in the mirror world, entering the spirit world, or returning to the real world, they could ensure their safety to some extent. Afterward, they would have many ways to regroup.</p>
<p>Just before the spacetime turbulence completely engulfed them, they instantly disappeared.</p>
<hr />
<p>Franca’s figure took shape in a phantom, dark tunnel of the mirror world.</p>
<p>She felt that the distance between her and Lumian was certainly more than 10 kilometers, as she could no longer share the Angel-level power.</p>
<p>She used the Mirror Substitution Lumian had left with her to quickly perform Magic Mirror Divination while turning into a new tunnel following her spiritual intuition.</p>
<p>She wanted to reunite with Lumian. This was to enhance his strength, as a Hunter with a team was much more powerful than one without!</p>
<p>Suddenly, a void of black darkness appeared before her, and the spider web-like tunnels behind her were dyed gray-white, solidifying into stone, no longer passable.</p>
<p>At this moment, a figure stood in the mirror-behind area before Franca.</p>
<p>The figure had black hair twisted into a high bun, wearing a pure black court dress, with deep gray eyes bright yet tinged with a hint of sadness. It was the Demoness of Black Clarice.</p>
<p>Next to Clarice, a high platform was built from gray-white stones, with a white bone-carved figurine of the Primordial Demoness placed at the top.</p>
<p>Franca stopped at the edge of this mirror-behind area, instinctively displaying a smile, as if trying to slip by. “Madame, what are you doing?”</p>
<p>The Demoness of Black looked at her, with a smile that was not quite a smile.</p>
<p>“Praying to the Primordial One, of course.”</p>
<p>Before her words finished, she suddenly saw gray-white colors surging towards her.</p>
<p>Franca’s previous smile and words were merely to deceive the Demoness of Black, making her believe she would not be ambushed. By the time this color-named Demoness actually began to respond, Franca had already decisively launched an attack, leaving no room for retreat!</p>
<hr />
<p>Jenna stopped.</p>
<p>She was somewhat stunned to discover that the mirror tunnel before her had been broken off, just like a bridge in the real world. This was a phenomenon she had never encountered before while traversing the mirror world, seemingly only possible in areas near spacetime turbulence.</p>
<p><em>Where does this lead? Has the path been artificially cut off?</em> Jenna’s thoughts raced, but she did not linger or seek an answer.</p>
<p>She took the Mirror Substitution Lumian had left with her and chose to bypass the interrupted tunnel, moving closer to her spiritual guidance.</p>
<p>She intuitively believed that Lumian was in this isolated place, and there was certainly a way to enter.</p>
<hr />
<p>In a certain part of the mirror world.</p>
<p>Ludwig, dressed in children’s formal wear, stood between spider web-like phantom paths, hesitating whether to go left or right.</p>
<p>He felt a calling from deep within his heart or a longed-for food on the right side, but the left side represented his godfather.</p>
<p>After a moment’s hesitation, Ludwig’s figure swiftly became transparent, turning into a wraith.</p>
<p>He projected himself as a wraith into the left mirror tunnel.</p>
<hr />
<p>After discovering he had not yet left the mirror world, Anthony immediately lowered his head and began chanting in Hermes, “The Fool that doesn’t belong to this era,</p>
<p>“The mysterious ruler above the gray fog,</p>
<p>“The King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck.</p>
<p>“…”</p>
<p>After briefly reporting their situation to Mr. Fool, Anthony used Psychological Invisibility and shuttled into the depths of the phantom tunnel before him.</p>
<p>His Ice Mirror Charm was not yet used up!</p>
<hr />
<p>In a pitch-black castle in the Southern Continent.</p>
<p>The Moon Emlyn restrained his surging spirituality, pondering the reason Duke Round Moon Olmer had him search for Alex.</p>
<p><em>Is He suspicious that Alexis has come to the Southern Continent?</em></p>
<p><em>Seeking refuge with the Rose School of Thought?</em></p>
<p>Just as he thought this, Mr. Moon saw a figure rapidly taking shape in the room.</p>
<p>The figure knelt on one knee and bowed. “My Lord, I’ve received intelligence that the Rose School of Thought captured Massaru half an hour ago.”</p>
<p>He was a Traveler cultivated by Mr. Moon, having specially traded Beyonder characteristics from Madam Magician.</p>
<p>Mr. Moon Emlyn couldn’t help but furrow his brow.</p>
<p><em>Is something big going to happen tonight?</em></p>
<p>In recent times, the situation in the Southern Continent had actually been trending towards calm. First, organizations like the Rose School of Thought had reduced their activities, hiding deeper, similar to the cults of the Northern Continent. Second, after Mr. Fool’s initial awakening, He had promoted reconciliation between the Royals of the Numinous Episcopate and the orthodox Churches. Subsequently, colonial institutions of Northern Continent countries would gradually withdraw from the Southern Continent, returning governance to local populations. To avoid chaos and a vacuum for order, this would be a dragged-out process.</p>
<p>Southern Continent populations would have religious freedom. As long as it didn’t involve evil gods, they could believe in deities like Death or Mr. Fool, and could continue believing in the orthodox gods of the Northern Continent.</p>
<p>Meanwhile, the Royals of the Numinous Episcopate promised Mr. Fool political-religious separation.</p>
<p>They also provided substantial intelligence to the orthodox Churches, helping Mr. Star and Mr. Moon uncover several hidden bases of the Rose School of Thought.</p>
<p>The Moon Emlyn knew that Northern Continent countries and orthodox Churches made such significant concessions because Mr. Fool, this great existence, had initially awakened, and everyone shared a common enemy: other great existences.</p>
<p>Under these circumstances, after ensuring the orthodox Churches did not lose too many believers, even if the governments of Northern Continent countries had objections or wanted to overturn everything, they could only swallow their pride and agree.</p>
<p>The Moon Emlyn’s understanding was: In this world, Beyonder power is the source of all authority!</p>
<p>Before Mr. Fool’s apotheosis, liberating the Southern Continent from colonial status would have been impossible, even after numerous wars, because the orthodox gods’ interests were aligned in this matter.</p>
<p>Once he became a great existence and initially awakened, this problem was easily resolved.</p>
<p>Their current primary contradiction was those great existences who would destroy everything!</p>
<p>One had to distinguish between primary and secondary contradictions when doing things.</p>
<p>Emlyn took a deep breath, summoned the castle’s strongholds, and transformed into crimson moonlight, rushing directly toward Massaru.</p>
<p>Before he even approached, he saw a massive entity appear within the city.</p>
<p>It was a “mountain” composed of mixed corpses and earth—male corpses, female corpses, elder corpses, child corpses—all piled together.</p>
<p>Residents of Massaru City, whether from the Northern or Southern Continent, had all been killed and stacked into a “mountain” pointing to the sky.</p>
<p>Simultaneously, cults in many parts of the Northern and Southern Continents, having accumulated certain power, were frantically creating disasters, forcing the Angels and Saints of the orthodox Churches to extinguish fires everywhere.</p>
<hr />
<p>Lumian’s figure had just materialized in a part of the mirror world when he saw the Demoness of Gray Judith standing not far away.</p>
<p>Some intense convergence phenomenon had made them “meet” again.</p>
<p>Lumian narrowed his eyes, letting out a low growl.</p>
<p>It was like the first drum beaten on a battlefield.</p>
<p>With this growl, Lumian’s body began to expand, his surface once again covered by an iron-black armor formed from flames.</p>
<p>A drop of blood-red emerged at his forehead, vivid and dripping like a battle flag. One side of his face became soft, delicate, and brilliant, while the other remained handsome but increasingly masculine and sharp.</p>
<p>In Paramita, isolated internally and externally, he couldn’t use the most powerful ability of a Weather Warlock. But now, the mirror world itself belonged to that individual’s domain.</p>
<p>He had sacrificed the ultimate power of the Calamity pathways, seeking assistance!</p>
<p>Lumian revealed a Mythical Creature form over ten meters high, holding a black flame great sword formed by the Fire of Destruction, taking a step to arrive before the Demoness of Gray Judith and slashing down.</p>
<p>The surrounding spider web-like phantom tunnels collapsed simultaneously, giving Judith no chance to escape this area.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
