<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1114.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1106-whispers" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1106: Whispers</h2>
<p>Jenna swiftly traversed through the mirror world’s phantom tunnels, dense as a spider’s web, finally finding a path leading to her destination.</p>
<p>She arrived before the special mirror world, seeing Mr. Fool standing quietly, his figure constantly flickering, his image almost exactly matching the description in church scriptures, and also seeing the distorted phantasms nearly covering the special mirror world’s edges.</p>
<p>Upon witnessing the massive phantasm that was both human and non-human, Jenna suddenly felt an intense desire for destruction surge within her, wanting to spread disaster and indulge in pleasure.</p>
<p>She almost failed to suppress the godhood that was originally not very prominent within her.</p>
<p><em>What is this?</em> Jenna was terrified and bewildered, barely managing to control her emotions and desires.</p>
<hr />
<p>In the mirror rear area standing with gray-white stone platforms and white bone statues.</p>
<p>Franca and Demoness of Black Clarice had battled for a while. Besides shattering several Mirror Substitutions and transforming the place into a gray-white stone cave, neither had suffered substantial injury.</p>
<p>Seizing the opportunity when the Mirror Projection shattered and her own form emerged at the mirror rear area’s edge, the Demoness of Black looked at Franca, unable to hide her surprise. “You’ve significantly digested the Unaging potion?”</p>
<p>Clearly, she was not surprised that Franca had become a Demoness of Unaging, but that the other’s condition was excellent, with emotions and desires effectively controlled, unaffected by her own active Charm.</p>
<p>This did not resemble a Demoness of Unaging who had advanced just a few months ago.</p>
<p>After all, the digestion of a Demoness of Unaging was measured in centuries. The newly advanced might need several years, or even over a decade, to be in an unstable state of emotions and desire. Even facing an equally-leveled Demoness’s Charm, they would find it difficult to resist, unless she was deeply in love or had just experienced a soul-stirring passion she would die for.</p>
<p>Franca was also glad to talk and delay time, waiting for an opportunity.</p>
<p>While dodging the Demoness of Black’s new wave of attacks, she laughed and asked back,</p>
<p>“Would you lose control if I said I’ve completely digested the Unaging potion?”</p>
<p>She was boasting about a fact that would be unbelievable to other Demonesses of Unaging, attempting to provoke an emotional fluctuation in the Demoness of Black.</p>
<p>And with an emotional fluctuation, she might be able to Charm the target, inducing admiration that would prevent them from attacking, leading to defeat.</p>
<p>The Demoness of Black’s gaze suddenly solidified.</p>
<p>She clearly was unwilling to believe Franca could digest the Unaging potion in just a few months—a process that normally took hundreds of years—but the other’s excellent condition seemed to corroborate that statement.</p>
<p>Taking advantage of the Demoness of Black’s emotional turbulence, Franca smiled charmingly.</p>
<p>This made Demoness of Black Clarice’s heart beat faster, just like the first time she experienced feminine charm from the Primordial Demoness figurine.</p>
<p>With her experience, she immediately knew something was wrong, and let her mirror self emerge from another side, using Charm on herself.</p>
<p>Charming herself!</p>
<p>With a whoosh, Franca, who had put on the Face of the Arcane at some point in time, shot out a clear light column from her eye protection surrounded by gears, springs, and rivets, which instantly landed on the Demoness of Black.</p>
<p>Caught between two Charm forces, the Demoness of Black regained some clarity and preemptively used a Mirror Substitution.</p>
<p>Her body devolved into a mirror, completely split, floating down as microscopic fragments.</p>
<p>The Demoness of Black’s mirror self walked out, then was intercepted by Franca’s mirror self.</p>
<p>At the Demoness of Unaging stage, the Demonesses’ mirror selves could not directly engaged when battling in the real world. But if the battlefield was in the mirror world, with the main body entering, Demonesses could attack the enemy together with their mirror selves, essentially a two-against-one situation.</p>
<p>The Demoness of Black who had escaped the attack quickly appeared on another side of the mirror rear area, her face smiling, showing no anger.</p>
<p>“I told you before that the Primordial One has two hidden honorific names. Do you want to know them now?”</p>
<p><em>Telling those two hidden honorific names now? Isn’t this a trap?</em> Franca responded without hesitation, “Nope!”</p>
<p>The Demoness of Black’s figure suddenly layered and multiplied, everywhere, like entering a maze made entirely of mirrors.</p>
<p>Her voice transmitted from all directions into Franca’s ears.</p>
<p>“The fourth honorific name is:</p>
<p>“The Female Body of the Primordial God Almighty!”</p>
<p><em>The Female Body of the Primordial God Almighty? Fuck!</em> Franca was stunned for a moment, nearly getting hit by the Demoness of Black, barely escaping the crisis by preemptively using a Mirror Substitution.</p>
<hr />
<p>The eastern part of the Sonia Sea, the Forsaken Land of the Gods.</p>
<p>At the peaks of the endless mountain ranges, that darkness suddenly expanded to transparency.</p>
<p>Within the transparency, a massive cross was vaguely visible, with two people nailed to it—one head down, feet up, the other feet up, head down, yet sharing a single body, like conjoined infants.</p>
<p>Beneath this cross was a chaotic water surface that seemed to encompass all colors and all possibilities. Something beneath the water appeared to be grasping the cross’s base, pulling it toward the earth’s depths, causing it to slowly sink.</p>
<hr />
<p>In an indescribable darkness.</p>
<p>Lumian, now a gray-white stone statue with only a remnant of thought, suddenly smelled a fragrance like night flowers blooming, the very breath most yearned for in every male heart.</p>
<p>The white bone-like long dress fell before his eyes, dropping to the ground, revealing a perfect torso that would drive even stones to impulse, that would make even rules violate themselves.</p>
<p>Those slick, long, serpent-like black hairs began to gently glide on Lumian’s body. That moonlike torso sat in Lumian’s lap, entwining him without bones.</p>
<p>Heat and coldness emerged simultaneously, with a moist sensation rippling and flowing between the two bodies.</p>
<p>Lumian was like being nakedly coiled by a massive python, gently rubbing, and yet seemingly enveloped by the most charming pleasure, alternating between heaven and hell.</p>
<p>Serpent-like slick black hair, white and exquisite beautiful hands, moistened and slightly parted pink lips, delicate skin that seemed it would break at a touch yet was full of elasticity—these rotated and approached Lumian’s face, neck, chest, and abdomen, sometimes lightly touching, sometimes closely pressing, sometimes gently caressing, sometimes wanting to be one with him.</p>
<p>The previous soft, gentle voice became seductive, low-sobbing with joy when Lumian reached heaven, and floating near dream-talk when he fell into hell.</p>
<p>“Whether the remnant souls in the River of Eternal Darkness or the Beyonder characteristics in the Blue Avenger’s treasury are not the true reliance for Tudor’s resurrection…</p>
<p>“If they can work, very good; if not, it doesn’t matter, as long as they can create someone like you…</p>
<p>“Tudor’s true resurrection is laid out here with me…”</p>
<p>The voice brought a hidden sweet ambiguous fragrance, making even this stone statue’s “blood vessels swell” until gray-white cracks appeared.</p>
<p>Sweet, fragrant breath blew into his ear, rising and falling, accompanied by a hint of laughter.</p>
<p>“Tudor is willing to trust me, and I will not disappoint Him…</p>
<p>“Do you know why only Judith’s descendants remain of His offspring, while others no longer exist?</p>
<p>“I cursed them, with direct curses, with curses of destiny…</p>
<p>“Now, Tudor can only rely on me…”</p>
<p>The remnant of Lumian’s consciousness inexplicably generated fear amidst these words.</p>
<p>He did not know why Primordial Demoness Cheek was coupling with him at this moment, why She wanted to control his pleasure and pain, why She was saying these words.</p>
<p>He only knew this true Demoness was mad.</p>
<p>A slightly hoarse voice pressed against Lumian’s body, laughing softly in his ear.</p>
<p>“I am very satisfied with this body; it will belong to Tudor…</p>
<p>“I have waited for over a thousand years, finally finding the best opportunity. This can both resurrect Tudor and complete His and my unfinished dreams…</p>
<p>“Do you know what the Demoness pathway symbolizes?”</p>
<p>Lumian could not answer, for he was now just a gray-white stone statue, entering heaven amidst ultimate pleasure.</p>
<p>The marvelous female voice had a breathy sound to it.</p>
<p>“It symbolizes catastrophe and apocalypse, and also symbolizes the feminine side of that initial Creator.</p>
<p>“The Hunter pathway, what does it symbolize? It symbolizes war and destruction, and also symbolizes the masculine side of that initial Creator.</p>
<p>“Do you know that the initial Creator was both mad and rational, both self-destructive and wanting to survive?</p>
<p>“What do you think such a Creator would do while self-destructing?</p>
<p>“Why would He create an invisible barrier to block the Outer Deities, preventing Them from chaotically plundering and initiating the convergence?</p>
<p>“As the source of rationality and wisdom, doesn’t He want a stable existence?”</p>
<p>Even with his mind almost completely blank, Lumian now had an extra thought.</p>
<p>Simultaneously, he vaguely perceived the purpose of the Primordial Demoness coupling with him and speaking these words.</p>
<p><em>Balancing yin and yang, correcting the state, making the final preparation for Alista Tudor’s resurrection…</em></p>
<p>The breathing grew heavier, alternating between low sobs and laughter, the female voice asked near Lumian’s throat, “Do you know what the Oldest One’s feminine side plus the Oldest One’s masculine side equals?</p>
<p>“When the feminine and masculine sides of something combine, what do they become?”</p>
<p>Lumian’s final thoughts suddenly froze.</p>
<hr />
<p>In the mirror rear area filled with gray-white stones.</p>
<p>Frightened by the Primordial Demoness’s fourth honorific name, Franca immediately fell into a disadvantage, barely surviving the most difficult stage.</p>
<p>She could die and wait to resurrect herself in the sleeping mirror, but that would waste too much time.</p>
<p>At this moment, the voice of Demoness of Black Clarice came from the side.</p>
<p>“The fifth honorific name of the Primordial One is…”</p>
<p>Franca wanted to stop her but could not find a suitable method; comparatively, deafening herself would be more convenient.</p>
<p>Before she could take action, the subsequent words of the Demoness of Black echoed with a hint of laughter, “The fifth honorific name of the Primordial One is:</p>
<p>“The mirrored Original Creator—the Oldest One!”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
