<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1143.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1134-time-is-running-out" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1134: Time Is Running Out</h2>
<p>As Matriarch Roland’s expression shifted, the tree-like black hair bathed in the crimson moonlight stretched toward the airborne Primordial Demoness.</p>
<p>The hair seemed to gain life and intelligence, turning against its original owner.</p>
<p>Throughout the “primeval rainforest” region, both in midair and on the ground, countless tiny, unseen mystical pathogens abruptly expanded in size. Some resembled fluffy spheres, others were clawed monstrosities, and some wore bizarre crowns. They varied widely in form and effect, embodying the authorities of Disease and Plague—capable of eroding even deities.</p>
<p>At this moment, these mystical pathogens, secretly spread by Primordial Demoness Cheek, gained enhanced power and turned against Her, targeting Her true body, Lumian, and 0-17.</p>
<p><em>All things have a spirit!</em></p>
<p>Primordial Demoness Cheek chuckled softly at the sight.</p>
<p>This laugh stirred an itch in the hearts of Lumian, 0-17, Matriarch Roland, the black hair, and even the mystical pathogens, slowing their actions.</p>
<p>Then, the Primordial Demoness unveiled Her Mythical Creature form.</p>
<p>She became enormous, still clad in Her white, bone-made dress, Her visage growing increasingly beautiful yet exuding different temperaments from various angles: pure, elegant, majestic, delicate, pristine, and decadent…</p>
<p>Her black hair, as thick as pythons, exuded an eerie slickness. Some strands rose and rotated, their black-and-white eyes spinning; others extended forward, sprouting serpent-like heads that flicked their tongues; and others coiled at Her feet, forming a vortex of snakes.</p>
<p>Whether one gazed directly at the Primordial Demoness or not, everything within the “primeval rainforest” reacted instinctively to Her presence.</p>
<p>The right half of Lumian’s body swelled at the chest, while Cheek’s face on his left side flushed seductively, the chaotic whirlpool-like visage subtly turning, resisting the mesmerizing allure.</p>
<p>The lifeless black eyes of 0-17 began to flicker faintly, betraying a hint of infatuation and intoxication.</p>
<p>Matriarch Roland’s brown eyes turned tender and watery, Her lips parted to exhale a breath of turbid air. The bird-clawed infants attached to Her upper body ceased seeking milk and turned toward the sky in longing. The males among them even grew unfamiliar organs while their existing ones retracted, transforming them into girls.</p>
<p>The black hair that constituted the “primeval rainforest” also transformed into the hair of young girls, while the rebellious mystical pathogens became girl-like as well. All of them fell hopelessly under Primordial Demoness Cheek’s spell.</p>
<p>Suddenly, Cheek’s figure disappeared, flickering through the special mirror world to reappear around Matriarch Roland in various positions—high, low, left, right, in front, and behind—each leaving behind a Mirror Projection.</p>
<p>Each projection spoke in soft tones, sometimes laughing, sometimes weeping, their voices overlapping.</p>
<p>“My daughter doesn’t want to acknowledge me as her mother?”</p>
<p>“But She truly was born from the Original Creator.”</p>
<p>“And I am the man destined to become the Original Creator’s feminine aspect.”</p>
<p>“If She seeks my help, I would offer it willingly—that is a parent’s duty.”</p>
<p>“But She cannot stop the birth of Her father and mother!”</p>
<p>“…”</p>
<p>The Primordial Demoness’s true body returned to the sky.</p>
<p>She clenched Her right fist.</p>
<p>With this motion, all the Mirror Projections surrounding Matriarch Roland collapsed into vortices composed of an illusory liquid encompassing all colors and possibilities.</p>
<p>These dozens of chaotic vortices rapidly expanded and merged into a single mass, swallowing Matriarch Roland, the clawed infants, and the crimson moon rising into the sky.</p>
<p>It heralded an apocalypse—a return to the primordial state.</p>
<p>Within the massive chaotic vortex, the crimson moon and Matriarch Roland floated intermittently, resisting complete disintegration and assimilation, struggling against the pull toward the primordial.</p>
<p>At this moment, a giant sword wreathed in black flames of destruction descended from the sky, striking the crimson moon and Matriarch Roland.</p>
<p>The sword, which embodied madness and destruction, was wielded by Lumian, splitting the crimson moon and Matriarch Roland apart.</p>
<p>Next, a spectral, abnormally-shaped scythe, cloaked in profound silence and darkness, arrived, cleaving into the split crimson moon and Matriarch Roland’s form.</p>
<p>At this critical juncture, both Lumian and 0-17 prioritized burying Matriarch Roland and the mutations She brought forth!</p>
<p>Lumian’s sapphire eyes met Primordial Demoness Cheek’s gaze, as if to say, “This is our battle to resolve.”</p>
<p>The Primordial Demoness returned a sweet, approving smile.</p>
<p>With the participation of the Sword of Destruction and the silent darkness, the chaotic mass binding the crimson moon and Matriarch Roland began to change.</p>
<p>It swallowed the two, collapsing violently and condensing into a deep, human-knuckle-sized black dot.</p>
<p>The black dot lacked something crucial, preventing it from further compression.</p>
<p>In an instant, the unstable black dot swelled and exploded, releasing a violent burst of light and heat.</p>
<p>The region of the special mirror world regained “substance,” gradually stabilizing, but it no longer resembled the original primeval rainforest.</p>
<p>In the sky, the bright stars reappeared, and the crimson moon had not completely vanished. Instead, it became distant and dim, as though separated from the battlefield by layers of barriers—barriers of destruction and eternal darkness—temporarily preventing its return.</p>
<p>Primordial Demoness Cheek withdrew Her gaze from the distant crimson moon, smiling at Lumian and 0-17. “Time is running out; it’s your turn now.”</p>
<p>As She spoke, shadows enveloped 0-17’s delicate features, as if plunging Her into deep, silent darkness.</p>
<p>This signified that the descent of the Evernight Goddess was nearing its end.</p>
<p>The barrier that had to be maintained and 0-17’s limitations as an Angel placed a cap on how long She could continue the divine descent.</p>
<hr />
<p>In the depths of the mirror world, on another battlefield.</p>
<p>Demoness of White Katarina, upon the battlefield’s rebalancing, immediately activated the Love’s Dread ring worn on her left middle finger.</p>
<p>The crystalline spikes on the ring’s glass band emitted a soft illusion.</p>
<p>The Demoness of Unaging’s skin lost some of its luster while retaining a faint sheen. Her eyes, nose, and mouth took on doll-like characteristics.</p>
<p>She transformed into an extraordinarily beautiful and intricately crafted doll, exuding a perfectly complementary charm.</p>
<p>To Mr. Moon Emlyn, this was incredibly captivating.</p>
<p>Under normal circumstances, he might have stopped to admire her, unwilling to cause harm. However, at this moment, he wore the crimson robe woven from what seemed to be blood.</p>
<p>The robe easily triggered his inner malice, countering the infatuation and even amplifying it.</p>
<p>To Katarina’s surprise, Mr. Moon Emlyn transformed into blood-like moonlight and charged toward her with intense possessiveness, rather than succumbing to infatuation or a desire to protect.</p>
<p>Instinctively, Katarina extended gray-white energy from her left hand, spreading toward the viscous blood-like moonlight.</p>
<p>Simultaneously, indescribable ravings echoed in her ears, as if her innermost malicious emotions and desires were singing in unison.</p>
<p>Her hair lifted, thickened, and became slimy, about to sprout black-and-white eyeballs.</p>
<p>She showed signs of losing control.</p>
<p>Blood flowed from her nostrils, ears, mouth, and eyes. Her heart nearly stopped, and her blood seemed to ignite.</p>
<p><em>Crack!</em></p>
<p>Katarina shattered, activating her Mirror Substitution ability.</p>
<p>The surging crimson moonlight turned gray-white and solidified into stone. However, the unaffected portion of blood and light abruptly retracted, reforming into Mr. Moon Emlyn clad in his crimson robe with bat-like wings.</p>
<p>The Demoness of White’s figure appeared in a corner of the battlefield, and she prepared to unleash catastrophe upon the area using the Love’s Dread ring.</p>
<p>In the mirror world, catastrophe equated to fragmentation and collapse!</p>
<p>On another separated battlefield.</p>
<p>After confirming her opponent as Leonard, the Demoness of Crimson promptly revealed the second rule on the surface of the Pillar of Severity, suspended by invisible threads:</p>
<p>“Teleportation is prohibited here!”</p>
<p>Seeing the ancient Hermes script in brass tones emerge on the dark stone pillar, Leonard, who had been clearing his mind, recalled Pallez Zoroast in his thoughts.</p>
<p>The Angel of Time’s form appeared through the Staff of the Stars, manifesting before Leonard as an ancient wall clock, taking on the impact of time.</p>
<p><em>Clang!</em></p>
<p>A distant chime echoed, and the hands of the clock face—marked by blue and black—froze.</p>
<p>The Demoness of Crimson and the Pillar of Severity were immediately suspended in time.</p>
<p>Seizing the opportunity, Leonard activated his Nightmare abilities, falling into a deep slumber.</p>
<p>Shortly after, the chime faded, and everything returned to normal. Pallez Zoroast’s form had already vanished.</p>
<p>The Demoness of Crimson was drawn into a dreamscape—a dream tied to The Star Leonard’s.</p>
<p>This prevented her from using the Pillar of Severity. Instead, she saw a staircase and a sign: “Blackthorn Security Company.”</p>
<p>One of the Staff of the Stars’ functions was to allow the wielder to recreate corresponding abilities or individuals through mental visualization, enabling the summoned figure to launch a single attack.</p>
<p>Naturally, sufficient understanding of the ability or individual was required to avoid anomalies.</p>
<p>Before this mission, The Star Leonard had asked Miss Justice to incept a psychological cue in him, ensuring he would dream of Blackthorn Security Company and a certain individual upon falling asleep.</p>
<p>This mental visualization enabled the Staff of the Stars to assist in bringing the figure to life.</p>
<p>In the next instant, the Demoness of Crimson saw someone emerge from the door of Blackthorn Security Company.</p>
<p>The man wore a top hat, a formal suit, and carried a cane. He had black hair, brown eyes, an ordinary face, and a scholarly air—Klein Moretti.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
