<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1168.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1159-oath-of-the-river-styx" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1159: Oath of the River Styx</h2>
<p>As the crimson meteor descended, the entire world outside the protected zones erupted in flames. Across the cosmos, catastrophic disasters across various star systems momentarily froze before either intensifying or subsiding.</p>
<p>Behind the Great Old Dominators attacking the astral barrier, hand-drawn black holes and their accretion disks materialized. The energy seas, depicted like paintings, quickly receded, plunging into cold, deathly silence.</p>
<p>Numerous calamities descended upon this place.</p>
<p>These calamities were deliberately engineered by Lumian as symbolic manifestations triggered during his full accommodation of the City of Calamity and his advancement to the Origins of Disaster, Calamity of Destruction.</p>
<p>He harbored no illusions that these indiscriminate calamities could seriously harm the Great Old Dominators. His sole aim was to sow chaos, giving Mr. Fool a brief respite.</p>
<p>At that moment, the sound of plucked strings suddenly resonated. The black hole and its accretion disk, already like hand-drawn illustrations, grew thinner and smaller, losing their conceptual weight.</p>
<p>The black hole, now a true painting, instinctively tore at the dimensions bearing it, attempting to absorb them within and alter the current state.</p>
<p>A massive, terrifying mouth abruptly appeared, biting down on the “canvas” carrying the black hole and devouring it whole.</p>
<p>Multiple abstract stomachs emerged, expanding and contracting as they fiercely struggled against the undigested entities.</p>
<p>Primordial Hunger, the symbol of devouring, an insatiable convergence, the cleanser of all things!</p>
<p>Other Outer Deities also took measures to suppress the calamities erupting behind Them.</p>
<p>Meanwhile, the crimson meteor was swallowed by the muddy radiance emanating from the blood-red moon.</p>
<p>The ocean of bloodstained light alternated between destruction and rebirth, gradually slowing the meteor’s approach toward the colossal figure.</p>
<p>However, beyond this sea of blood, everything else was set aflame by the crimson meteor. Even the moonlight that once illuminated the Western Continent was burned away, vanishing completely.</p>
<p>Seizing this opportunity—taking advantage of the brief chaos among the Great Old Dominators and the reduced pressure on the illusory barrier—the Lord of Mysteries, Klein, sent forth a projection of himself and turned his gaze toward the protected zones.</p>
<p>Within the protected zone, Trier remained tranquil. On the terrace, Queen Mystic Bernadette had already taken out her crown adorned with dark gemstones, holding it in both hands.</p>
<p>The crown abruptly flew into the air, leaving the protected zone and ascending into the skies over the Western Continent.</p>
<p>Accompanying it were the brass-bound book descending from above the gray fog and two beams of light, one from behind the cross and the other from within the protected zone.</p>
<p>In the blink of an eye, they arrived before the magnificent stone door standing amidst the clouds, falling into the hands of a towering figure crowned with an emperor’s diadem and veiled by cascading tassels.</p>
<p>The figure nodded toward the astral world before turning away, returning to the summit of the thirty-three heavens and seating Himself on the throne of the Celestial Thearch.</p>
<p>He immediately placed the crown adorned with dark gemstones atop His head, overlapping it with the emperor’s crown.</p>
<p>His hands clutched the brass-bound book tightly, while the two beams of light spiraled for a second before merging into His body.</p>
<p>Within the protected zone, the disappearance of the Black Emperor’s Uniqueness prompted Queen Mystic Bernadette to let out a soft sigh.</p>
<p>This had been one of Klein’s true purposes when Lumian visited her with a prophecy as an excuse.</p>
<p>Through the Genie’s description of the urgency of the situation and His suggestion to temporarily strengthen the Nation of Disorder, Queen Mystic Bernadette immediately understood Mr. Fool’s intent.</p>
<p>He intended to borrow the Black Emperor Uniqueness.</p>
<p>At that moment, Bernadette had already made her decision.</p>
<p>Behind her, the figure of Empress Roselle, wearing a luxurious golden crown, materialized. With a complicated tone, She said, “As long as the order and rules he established remain, he can still be resurrected.”</p>
<p>Bernadette murmured to herself, “Can someone with the Nation of Disorder, with all its Uniquenesses and Beyonder characteristics, truly become a Great Old Dominator?”</p>
<p>“No, the Nation of Disorder’s consciousness is interwoven with too many external spirits. It’s not a complete birth and remains chaotic. Even with all its components, it cannot undergo a fundamental transformation. It may take decades or centuries for a new, unified consciousness to emerge, enabling the Shadow of Order to truly manifest in reality.</p>
<p>“The only way to instantly elevate the Nation of Disorder to the level of a Great Old Dominator is to unseal and release Genie. However, what Genie might do after escaping His seal is entirely unpredictable.</p>
<p>“For now, the Lord of Mysteries can only temporarily enhance the Nation of Disorder to a state close to that of a Great Old One, allowing it to play a role in the upcoming battle,” Empress Roselle explained plainly.</p>
<p>She paused for a moment before adding, “Even if the Nation of Disorder births a new consciousness and becomes the Shadow of Order before his resurrection, with the Lord of Mysteries’ help, he could still revive through the rules. However, he would only be able to reclaim two portions of the Prince of Abolition Beyonder characteristics.”</p>
<p>Queen Mystic Bernadette turned to Empress Roselle and fell silent for a moment before asking, “And what about you?”</p>
<p>A look of contentment and solace appeared on Empress Roselle’s face. “If the apocalypse passes, the mirror world should have a relatively normal ruler. By then, the reflection world within the mirror will no longer be dark.”</p>
<hr />
<p>Following the Lord of Storms Leodero’s suicidal attack and the descent of the Calamity of Destruction, the Mother Goddess of Depravity’s blockade over the Western Continent was completely broken.</p>
<p>Evernight Goddess Amanises and the God of Steam and Machinery Stiano seized the opportunity to descend from the astral world to the Dragon Lock Tower.</p>
<p>The former wore a layered yet unadorned black classical gown, Her face shrouded in a veil, ethereal and graceful. The latter appeared as a middle-aged man seemingly composed of numerous depictions of civilizations, which finally coalesced into a man in his prime.</p>
<p>Evernight Goddess Amanises nodded at the sect master of the Haoli lineage, communicating telepathically. <em>“Let us begin.”</em></p>
<p>The Haoli sect master closed His eyes, and a broad, dark, colorless river flowed out of the void, reaching the Evernight Goddess.</p>
<p>Within the illusory dark waters, figures dressed like the Haoli sect master appeared, floating and sinking. Among them, the most lucid was a figure wearing a rusty iron crown, with pale whiskers fluttering at His chin—the Underworld Daoist.</p>
<p>Evernight Goddess Amanises pointed at the silently flowing River of Eternal Darkness and spoke with Her mind.</p>
<p><em>“Let the River of Eternal Darkness bear witness. I, Amanises, pledge to strengthen the Haoli lineage, ensuring all disciples achieve balance between internal and external cultivation and attain characteristics. Should I break this oath, I shall suffer a backlash from the sefirah, and I shall sink eternally to the river’s depths!”</em></p>
<p>Having already reached an agreement, the Underworld Daoist nodded slightly. He extended His pale right hand, with a texture like jade yet marred by cracks oozing yellow pus or sprouting white feathers, and placed it atop the Evernight Goddess’s head.</p>
<p><em>“You shall be sect master!”</em></p>
<p>With these words, streams of radiance rose from the River of Eternal Darkness, weaving into complex, orderly symbols that entered Amanises’s body.</p>
<p>Amanises found Herself standing in the broad, dark river, where the shadows and bones of past Haoli sect masters gnawed at Her arms, back, and soul.</p>
<p>Already in partial control of a tributary of the River of Eternal Darkness, Amanises remained calm, resisting the chaotic consciousness infused with the spirits of countless Dao integrators.</p>
<p>The straight, illusory river flowed through Her body and emerged from the other side.</p>
<hr />
<p>God of Steam and Machinery Stiano sat cross-legged before the Celestial Master. The latter’s intent echoed in His mind:</p>
<p><em>“You have two choices:</em></p>
<p><em>“First, acknowledge me as your master and join my sect. I will grant you the Supreme Clarity Talisman and pass down the position of Celestial Master to you, allowing you to control what you call the Knowledge Moor. However, this carries a risk…”</em></p>
<p>As the intent reverberated, silhouettes began to emerge in the moor behind the Celestial Master. They were dressed in feathered robes and high crowns, their faces either hideous or decayed, exuding intense malice.</p>
<p><em>“They are the Celestial Masters and accomplished cultivators of past generations.</em></p>
<p><em>“Under the influence of the Unborn Ancient Mother every Celestial Master since the first Celestial Master’s integration with the Dao must possess corresponding bloodlines and complete cultivation.</em></p>
<p><em>“You lack these. Through the Supreme Clarity Talisman, I can help you accommodate the Knowledge Moor in a short time. But afterward, you will face backlash. Whether you can endure and resolve the resentment of past Celestial Masters and accomplished cultivators or avoid being drawn into the moor to become one of the wandering spirits—I do not know.</em></p>
<p><em>“The second choice is to acknowledge me as your master and join my sect. I will grant you the Three Caverns and Five Thunders Talisman.</em></p>
<p><em>“After corresponding with Fellow Daoist Zhou, I have improved the Three Sovereigns Calamity Dispelling Formation based on the experiences of predecessors. With this, you can join me as a true disciple in powering the formation. You will lend me your power , allowing me to integrate with the Dao briefly to combat the vile demons from beyond.”</em></p>
<p>In an instant, the Celestial Master’s thoughts were fully understood by God of Steam and Machinery Stiano through the infusion of knowledge.</p>
<p>In the same manner, Stiano conveyed His question: <em>“Can either method result in the emergence of a temporary Great Old One?”</em></p>
<p>The Celestial Master, holding His horsetail whisk, shook His head.</p>
<p><em>“Neither. We both still lack time. Unlike the new master of the Haoli lineage, you have not yet preemptively gained partial control of the Dao.</em></p>
<p><em>“These two choices can only bring us close to the Dao, not fully integrate into it.”</em></p>
<p>Knowing time was pressing, God of Steam and Machinery Stiano deliberated briefly before kneeling to give His answer: <em>“I am willing to acknowledge you as my master and become part of the formation.”</em></p>
<p>The Celestial Master seemed disappointed, as though His hoped-for liberation had not been achieved.</p>
<p>He pressed His horsetail whisk against Stiano’s shoulder.</p>
<p><em>“In the interest of urgency, we will simplify the rites to granting a title and talisman.</em></p>
<p><em>“From this day forth, your Dao name shall be:</em></p>
<p><em>“True Blessing.”</em></p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
