<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1169.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1160-transforming-barbarians-to-buddha" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1160: Transforming Barbarians to Buddha</h2>
<p>Within the solemn Buddhist land, adorned with glazed and amber decorations, countless Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, Arhats, and Wisdom Kings sat atop Mount Sumeru, attentively listening to the great Buddha whose golden body filled the space between heaven and earth, delivering profound teachings.</p>
<p>In that moment, vibrant clouds illuminated the sky, flowers fell like rain, and golden lotuses blossomed from the ground.</p>
<p>Suddenly, two silvery streaks of light flew in from the outer world, landing on either side of the great Buddha and transforming into distinct figures.</p>
<p>To the left of the great Buddha’s golden body appeared a boy of about eight or nine years old, dressed in a child’s formal suit with a bow tie, his baby-fat face framed by medium-length silvery hair.</p>
<p>To the right stood a young man, draped in a linen robe, his features soft and elegant, and his long silver hair flowing freely.</p>
<p>These were none other than Will Auceptin, the Angel of Mercury from the Church of The Fool, and Ouroboros, the Angel of Fate from the Aurora Order. Will accommodated the Uniqueness of the Fate pathway and held a Sequence 1 Snake of Mercury Beyonder characteristic, while Ouroboros had two Snake of Mercury Beyonder characteristics.</p>
<p>As soon as Will Auceptin and Ouroboros appeared, the Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, Arhats, and Wisdom Kings who had been intently listening to the Buddha Ancestor’s teachings simultaneously turned their gazes upon them. Their expressions betrayed greed and yearning, as though all of them wished to draw near, sniff deeply, or take a bite.</p>
<p>On either side of the great Buddha’s face, two mouths suddenly split open, revealing gleaming, razor-sharp teeth.</p>
<p><em>Clang!</em></p>
<p>The sound of a bell echoed from infinite heights, and time froze for a second.</p>
<p>The great Buddha regained a dignified and compassionate expression, and the hideous mouths on His face disappeared.</p>
<p>Seizing this moment, the Holy Monk within the Dragon Lock Tower returned to the Buddhist kingdom.</p>
<p>He glanced around, pressed His hands together, and softly recited, “Merciful Buddha.”</p>
<p>As His voice reverberated, the Holy Monk transitioned from corporeal to ethereal, taking a single step to merge with the great Buddha’s golden body.</p>
<p>The great Buddha glanced to the left and right, speaking in a calm yet majestic voice,</p>
<p>“I thank you both for your efforts.”</p>
<p>Seeing this, Will Auceptin quietly breathed a sigh of relief. Imitating the great Buddha’s posture, he crossed his legs and sat down to the Buddha’s left, sitting side by side.</p>
<p>Ouroboros maintained a serene expression as He also assumed a lotus position on the Buddha’s right.</p>
<p>Immediately afterward, the Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, Arhats, and Wisdom Kings below transformed into beams of various-colored lights. They swiftly returned to the great Buddha’s golden body, merging into one entity.</p>
<p>All Buddhas converge to their origin.</p>
<p>While everyone had a Buddha-nature, there was only one Buddha in the world.</p>
<hr />
<p>Meanwhile, the Master of the Shadow Cottage departed the Dragon Lock Tower, returning to the boundless Tenebrous World hidden deep beneath the earth.</p>
<p>Here, another figure already Naboredisley, His ice-blue eyes piercing beneath the brim of His half top hat.</p>
<p>“You’re unwilling to accept this fate too, aren’t you?” the Master of the Shadow Cottage said, smiling as He looked over.</p>
<p>“Would you be content if you were in my shoes?” Naboredisley retorted.</p>
<p>Master of the Shadow Cottage shook His head.</p>
<p>“If they want to consume us, they’ll have to pay a price.”</p>
<p>“Fellow Daoist, we’ve known each other spiritually for a long time. How about collaborating this time?”</p>
<p>“I came here precisely to cooperate!” Naboredisley’s voice suddenly grew louder, as though He had returned to His Farbauti era.</p>
<p>“Haha!” The Master of the Shadow Cottage laughed heartily, and together with Farbauti, They stepped into the pitch-black, shadowy world without hesitation.</p>
<hr />
<p>In the real world.</p>
<p>As Lumian, in the form of a crimson meteor, drew closer to the true body of the Mother Goddess of Depravity, his progress became increasingly arduous.</p>
<p>Finally, he saw the colossal figure clearly.</p>
<p>It was as if countless birthing organs were haphazardly piled together, with swirling smoke and crimson moonlight intertwining to form an accretion-disk-like extension that served as clothing.</p>
<p>Yet, this massive figure had a head resembling that of a human woman. Her features—facial structure, long brown hair, and crimson eyes—were flawless, embodying the very concept of “beauty.” She was the symbol of beauty in the universe, radiating an unmistakable maternal brilliance.</p>
<p>At that moment, even Lumian hesitated to strike.</p>
<p>However, attracted by beauty, Cheek’s face, Aurore, and Jenna—driven by Lumian’s will—used Charm on the Mother Goddess of Depravity, seemingly seeking to draw closer to Her.</p>
<p>As a result, the Mother Goddess of Depravity did not immediately attack Lumian, who stood in a three-bodied, three-headed, six-armed form.</p>
<p>Yet Her symbolic nature continued to influence the surrounding area. As Lumian drew nearer, he quickly felt the effects of New Life.</p>
<p>The weakened consciousnesses within him began to experience a New Life.</p>
<p>Cheek’s consciousness and Tudor’s consciousness gained new life. The will of the Primordial God Almighty gained new life. The divided consciousness of the mirrored Original Creator gained new life. Even the consciousness of the malevolent dragon gained new life!</p>
<p>With the malevolent dragon’s rapid recovery, the suppression exerted by Lumian, Aurore, and Jenna’s wills on Her faltered.</p>
<p>What had been a fragile balance capable of lasting several minutes seemed poised to collapse immediately under the effect of New Life, with unforeseeable consequences.</p>
<p>In the face of these changes, Lumian neither feared nor panicked. Instead, he seized the opportunity to break free from the allure of beauty. Smiling, he lifted his head to gaze at the astral world.</p>
<p>Lord of Mysteries Klein, who was now guarding the astral world alone, withdrew the illusory barrier and turned toward the real world. Like a Magician about to perform, he raised both hands.</p>
<p>He did not immediately transfer humanity from the protected zones. Such an action would undoubtedly cause a significant commotion.</p>
<p>While it would be simple for Klein to shield a few dozen or a few hundred people and quietly move them to the edge of the universe without the Great Old Dominators’ knowledge, the Great Old Dominators would not be fools to let the billions of surviving humans escape unnoticed.</p>
<p>Of course, if there were only one or two Great Old Dominators outside the barrier, Klein might have had a way to briefly reduce Them to fools. But now, eight of them stood watch.</p>
<p>During a previous Tarot Club meeting, The Magician Fors had speculated that a Pillar could contend with two Great Old Ones. Gehrman Sparrow had remained noncommittal at the time, still a proxy. Now fully awakened as the Lord of Mysteries, Klein’s answer was: that judgment was both correct and incorrect.</p>
<p>“Correct” if confronted by Great Old Dominators with specific symbols capable of countering the Lord of Mysteries’ abilities—Marionettes, Parasites, Blink, etc. In such cases, Klein could only rely on the unique symbolism of a Pillar to contend with two at most.</p>
<p>“Incorrect” in that, in the absence of such countermeasures, there was no fundamental difference between battling two or eight Great Old Ones.</p>
<p>Among the Great Old Dominators outside the barrier, several possessed symbolisms that countered Klein’s abilities. Therefore, he dared not be overconfident. He intended to wait until the Great Old Dominators rushed in impatiently after the barrier cracked and plunged the situation into chaos, allowing him to secretly evacuate the beings within the protected zones.</p>
<p>At that moment, the Great Old Dominators would be fixated on the sefirot and Uniquenesses, disregarding everything else. Even if They noticed Lord of Mysteries Klein’s secretive actions, They would not expend any effort to interfere.</p>
<p>Yet, this plan was not foolproof. Certain Great Old Dominators with relevant symbols might secretly inform Their followers to disrupt the evacuation.</p>
<p>The Great Old Dominators Themselves had no interest in Beyonder characteristics below Sequence 1, but Their followers might think differently!</p>
<p>Hearing the cracking of the illusory barrier behind him, Klein shifted his gaze to the Mother Goddess of Depravity and the Origins of Disaster Lumian.</p>
<p>Lumian, now fully displaying his three-bodied, three-headed, six-armed form, gazed at the Mother Goddess of Depravity, who had just escaped Charm. Half in appreciation, half in jest, he laughed.</p>
<p><em>This is exactly what I’ve been waiting for—to let you impose New Life on me!</em></p>
<p><em>The Charm was to ensure that you wouldn’t develop vigilance or spiritual forewarning, allowing the New Life influence to occur naturally!</em></p>
<p><em>As long as I am not dead, the symbolism of the Mother Goddess of Depravity within me remains valid!</em></p>
<p><em>Previously, my rank was too low, and I lacked the corresponding elements. Using this symbolism, I could only disguise myself as you to provoke the Brood Hive’s rebellious will through Mr. Fool’s Fooling. It was difficult to truly harm you.</em></p>
<p><em>But now, I am an Above the Sequences great existence, differing from you only in the unique symbolism of a Pillar.</em></p>
<p><em>And the New Life you naturally imposed just activated the feminine and masculine halves of the mirrored Original Creator within me. Isn’t this equivalent to me also nurturing the Original Creator?</em></p>
<p><em>This is remarkably similar to your nurturing of the Chaos Primogenitor, the Original Creator of the next universe. The most critical corresponding element is now complete!</em></p>
<p><em>The Genie previously hinted at using my uniqueness and Mr. Fool’s symbolism. Combined with the warning about your impending accommodation of the Brood Hive, it became clear: You possess a unique symbol of limited use pointing toward the Original Creator, one I can align with!</em></p>
<p><em>After Mr. Fool’s full awakening, he did not rush to become the Lord of Mysteries, deliberately deceiving you while roaming the continents and gathering concealed truths through your followers.</em></p>
<p><em>Thus, I’ve come straight for you, waiting for your instinctive and indiscriminate influence to awaken the mirrored Original Creator within me!</em></p>
<p><em>Moreover, with the Brood Hive assimilated by you, Lugano—who once belonged to you—now pledges allegiance to me, and the Phoenix Egg deep within the Underworld will soon be swallowed by me. We are more alike than ever.</em></p>
<p><em>You are the Great Mother who nurtures the Oldest One, Omebella, and Zedus. So am I!</em></p>
<p>In the blink of an eye, Lumian, in his giant form, conjured the Grafted Phoenix Egg into his hand and swallowed it in one gulp.</p>
<p>Then, he brought his six arms together, forming a massive black-flame sword bound with destruction and chaos, and drove it into his own body.</p>
<p>At the same time, he looked at the Mother Goddess of Depravity and smiled brilliantly.</p>
<p><em>Now, I am equivalent to you. Killing me equals killing you!</em></p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
