<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1172.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1163-the-gathering" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1163: The Gathering</h2>
<p>Backlund.</p>
<p>Justice Audrey stood in the sea of collective subconscious, gazing at the drifting light and shadow and listening to the cacophony of voices. It was as if she were standing at a bustling street corner, feeling the highs and lows of life and the vibrant pulse hidden beneath it all.</p>
<p>She turned her head and smiled at the golden retriever, Susie, by her side.</p>
<p>“Your duty is to placate.”</p>
<p>As she finished speaking, Audrey’s figure vanished from the protective zone and reappeared silently beside The Magician Fors and Judgment Xio.</p>
<p>“But I’m just a dog…” muttered Susie, left behind in the sea of collective subconscious, her voice carrying a resigned sigh.</p>
<hr />
<p>Rorsted Archipelago, Bayam.</p>
<p>The Hanged Man Alger sat at the edge of the square outside the Church of the Sea God, silently watching white doves take flight amidst the comings and goings of people.</p>
<p>Suddenly, he heard the voices of a children’s choir singing from inside the church: “Break! Break! Break!”</p>
<p>Alger couldn’t help but smile faintly.</p>
<p>A howling gale arose, enveloping and lifting him, carrying him upward into the sky.</p>
<hr />
<p>New City of Silver, within the headquarters cathedral of the Church of The Fool.</p>
<p>The Sun Derrick nodded to the now exceptionally gigantic Waite Chirmont standing beside him.</p>
<p>“The door to the light has appeared,” Derrick said.</p>
<p>“This will be a glorious battle,” Waite Chirmont with a dark-green sigil tattooed on his bald scalp replied with a grin.</p>
<p>Without further words, Derrick transformed into pure and sacred sunlight, soaring out of the protective zone like a radiant golden sun rising into the sky.</p>
<hr />
<p>Seeing the sun ascend and rise higher into the heavens,</p>
<p>Angel of the Holy Spirit Reinette Tinekerr, who now had a head on her neck, spoke with mild dissatisfaction to Her student, Sharron.</p>
<p>“Those entities are far too hideous.</p>
<p>“Let’s curse Them into normalcy.”</p>
<p>Temperance Sharron nodded slightly, watching her teacher vanish before her eyes.</p>
<p>She did not follow immediately. Instead, she closed her eyes and silently assessed her own state.</p>
<p>She remembered a teaching her mentor had once imparted to her: “Temperance is not about perpetual suppression; it is about rationally understanding oneself and preparing for an explosive moment when it truly matters.”</p>
<p>Now, the time had come!</p>
<hr />
<p>Berserk Sea, aboard the deck of the Future.</p>
<p>Ma’am Hermit Cattleya looked at her first mate, Frank Lee; second mate, Heath Doyle; navigator, Ottolov; and boatswain, Nina. A sudden wave of sentimentality rose in her heart.</p>
<p>When she had left the Dawn, her only thought was to grow stronger, build her own fleet, and prove herself to the Queen, regaining her recognition. Later, she began to think about leading her crew and fleet to better futures.</p>
<p>But now, her task was to protect this world—to face and fight against the impending apocalyptic disaster.</p>
<p>“Perhaps this is the fate of a Sage…”</p>
<p>With that thought, The Hermit Cattleya dissolved into a torrent of complex, illusory information, rushing out of the protective zone.</p>
<p>Then, she noticed two similar streams of data surging from Trier.</p>
<p>A sense of peace and quiet joy settled within her heart.</p>
<hr />
<p>Backlund, in his own home.</p>
<p>The Moon Emlyn sat quietly in a chair, staring at a room full of dolls.</p>
<p>He had already learned that the Sequence 1 Beauty Goddess Beyonder characteristic left behind by the Ancestor had not been transferred to the current planet.</p>
<p>This was an unavoidable choice.</p>
<p>The other Great Old Dominators were undoubtedly vying fiercely for the sefirot and the Uniquenesses now, leaving Them too preoccupied to deal with Sequence 1 Beyonder characteristics to the point of personally descending. Once the divine war concluded, if Mr. Fool and other great existences emerged victorious, the Sequence 1 Archangels or corresponding Sealed Artifacts that were transferred would naturally remain safe. If the outcome was the opposite, pre-prepared measures could be employed—cutting losses by ejecting those Beyonder characteristics, avoiding another targeted assault by the Great Old Dominators.</p>
<p>But there was a specific issue—the Mother Goddess of Depravity was not entangled in the chaotic war. She was distancing Herself from the area to acquire new life. If the Beauty Goddess Beyonder characteristic had been transferred with the protective zone, She might very well take the time to come here. In that case, all resistance would be rendered meaningless unless Mr. Fool abandoned the original battlefield.</p>
<p>As his thoughts churned, The Moon Emlyn stood abruptly, black, membranous bat wings unfurling from his back.</p>
<p>The wings flapped as Emlyn ascended into the air, looking down at the ordinary, oblivious Sanguine without godhood below, who had yet to realize the environment had changed.</p>
<p>He circled overhead before heading beyond the protective zone, his vast bat wings seeming to blot out the sky.</p>
<p>Below, several crimson moonbeams emerged from coffins and graves, following The Moon Emlyn.</p>
<hr />
<p>Loen Kingdom, Awwa County, Tingen City.</p>
<p>The Star Leonard stared blankly at the sky, feeling that events were deviating from his expectations.</p>
<p>He quickly reined in his thoughts and addressed the assembled members of the Blackthorn Security Company.</p>
<p>“Vacation starts now. Everyone, go home.”</p>
<p>“But Deacon, aren’t we supposed to deal with possible infiltrations by the Blessed of the evil gods?” asked the team members, clad in red gloves or black trench coats, their faces filled with confusion.</p>
<p>The Star Leonard reiterated firmly, “Go home immediately.</p>
<p>“This is your mission; this is what you must do.”</p>
<p>The Nighthawks exchanged puzzled looks but ultimately obeyed the command. After all, the protective zone was not the real world. Perhaps returning home carried a unique symbolic significance or psychological effect.</p>
<p>As his team departed, Leonard gazed skyward once more.</p>
<p>With his Concealment authority, he could sense one Angel after another gathering there.</p>
<p>Leonard exhaled slowly and closed his eyes, memories of past scenes flashing in his mind—scenes of Megose’s visit to the Blackthorn Security Company.</p>
<p>His figure quickly faded and was transferred outside the protective zone.</p>
<p>“Captain, you see this? We are protecting this world.</p>
<p>“This time, I am not alone. Every Angel is fighting alongside me…”</p>
<hr />
<p>The Star Leonard’s figure materialized outside the seals and barriers of the Door pathway, where he saw the old man, Pallez, separate from him and coalesce into a figure nearby.</p>
<p>He also spotted the ascetic-looking Madam Arianna and the youthful-featured yet prematurely gray-haired Antigonus, along with other familiar Angels.</p>
<p>Then, the voice of Red Angel Medici echoed in his ears. “Everyone, I want you to join my legion.”</p>
<p><em>To become part of the Red of War Legion, combining the powers of all Angels into one unified force rather than fighting individually?</em> The Star Leonard understood Medici’s intention.</p>
<p>He did not refuse and nodded in agreement.</p>
<p>Franca also heard Medici’s words but did not immediately respond.</p>
<p>It wasn’t resistance but rather a thought that occurred to her.</p>
<p><em>Judging by the changes in the Box of the Great Old Ones, Lumian should already be the Origins of Disaster, Calamity of Destruction, with Jenna and Aurore revived.</em></p>
<p><em>That means they are great existences now, existences tied to war.</em></p>
<p><em>And I am a member of their team, an ally of the essence of war!</em></p>
<p><em>I wonder how extensive the effective range of a legion is for a great existence…</em></p>
<p><em>Symbolically, it should span the entire universe. But in terms of tangible abilities, it’s likely limited…</em></p>
<p><em>If I’m still within range, couldn’t I share Lumian and their rank and power, becoming a smaller-scale Origins of Disaster, Calamity of Destruction to wreak havoc on this battlefield?</em></p>
<p>With this thought, Franca sought to “borrow power” on the spot. Unfortunately, she failed.</p>
<p><em>Is the range not extensive enough, or has some Great Old Dominator used Their symbolism to disrupt Lumian and the team’s abilities?</em> Franca muttered under her breath and reluctantly chose to temporarily join Medici’s legion.</p>
<p>At the same time, she saw the War Angel, with fiery hair like a burning blaze and clad in blood-stained black armor.</p>
<p>In between Medici’s brows, a crimson, dripping banner emblem had already manifested.</p>
<p>He had long completed the sacrifice to the essence of war and undoubtedly received its feedback and aid. Otherwise, even with two sets of Weather Warlock Beyonder characteristics, the range of the legion’s influence would not have sufficed to connect all the Angels—there were simply too many gathered in such a constrained space spanning about twenty kilometers.</p>
<p>Now, with the backing of the essence of war, He was far better equipped to handle the situation.</p>
<p>Feeling the agreement and participation of one Angel after another, Red Angel Medici looked at the Outer Deity Angels assembling in another dimension and laughed coldly.</p>
<p>His expression was both disdainful and solemn.</p>
<p>Violet flames ignited in His hands.</p>
<p><em>Once, I followed the Lord, saving humanity and ushering in glory.</em></p>
<p><em>Now, I still remain. I will continue to protect it all.</em></p>
<p>Author’s Note: This chapter is a bit short, but I feel it is just the right stopping point for the chapter. More content would be unnecessary.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
