<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1113.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1105-waiting" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1105: Waiting</h2>
<p>Facing Lumian’s attack, Demoness of Gray Judith smiled serenely and calmly.</p>
<p>The phantom tunnel where She was located collapsed on its own, and along with Herself, before the Sword of Destruction could strike, fell piece by piece like toppled building blocks, cascading like a waterfall.</p>
<p>Disaster preemptively engulfed Her, time and space storms swept through, and only then came Lumian’s black flame great sword.</p>
<p>By the time this area completely dissolved into nothingness, the terrifying and indescribable time-space turbulence flowed chaotically in the dark depths. In another phantom and dark tunnel, Demoness of Gray Judith’s figure strangely emerged.</p>
<p>She was clearly stalling Lumian, preventing him from returning to the real world.</p>
<p>Lumian changed direction and took another step to arrive before the Demoness of Gray, slashing out the Sword of Destruction.</p>
<hr />
<p>Deep beneath the Tree of Shadow, the brown-green trunk of the Tree of Shadow was completely shrouded in gray-white fog.</p>
<p>The mottled bark, settled desires, and ancient scenes gradually presented a phantasmal texture under the erosion of fog of history.</p>
<p>The historical shall return to history!</p>
<p>Abstract things could become substantial, and could also be defined as pure concepts.</p>
<p>The Lord of Mysteries could turn the true to false, and the false to true, with the distinction between true and false no longer clear!</p>
<p>As the gray-white fog continuously eroded the Tree of Shadow, the figure of Mr. Fool wearing black gloves, holding a star-studded staff, and dressed in a deep black trench coat suddenly appeared with a flickering sensation.</p>
<p>The star-studded staff lit up with brilliant radiance.</p>
<p>In a part of the mirror world, Mr. Fool took a step, quickly flickering beyond what normal human eyes could capture.</p>
<p>Before him were multiple phantom tunnels that had been interrupted, with all-consuming darkness flooding the collapsed area, blocking the path.</p>
<p>Mr. Fool spoke in a low voice, at an extremely rapid pace, “My, wish, is:</p>
<p>“The, original, state, here, restored.”</p>
<p>After each pronunciation, there was a pause, but this pause was not obvious and did not affect the rapid delivery of speech, only making some syllables seem to come from an extremely distant place.</p>
<p>As soon as the voice fell, a miracle occurred: those phantom and dark tunnels became whole again, once more able to freely traverse.</p>
<hr />
<p>Seeing the mirror tunnels in spider web formation successfully repaired,Red Angel Medici, leaning against the edge of the mirror’s rear area, picked up the apple in His hand and took a smiling bite.</p>
<p>Medici, who had already condensed an iron-black blood-stained armor with defense not much inferior to same-tier Warrior pathway Beyonders, did not rush to move forward. Instead, He continued waiting at His original location, awaiting potential subsequent mutations and possible interlopers.</p>
<p>As a Hunter, one of the keys to success was patience—patiently waiting for prey to enter the trap, waiting for all variables and accidents to reveal themselves, finding the true weak point, and then delivering a fatal strike to complete the harvest.</p>
<p>Last time, Medici had overlooked the possibility of Alista Tudor actively choosing to be mad. This time, He would not exclude those irrational choices.</p>
<hr />
<p>Lumian, standing more than ten meters tall, was engulfed in deep red, violet flames, yet his face retained a human form—one side brilliant, the other handsome, with a blood-red, thorn-like mark at his forehead threatening to burst forth.</p>
<p>The Demoness of Gray was about to employ Her usual trick and dodge the enemy’s frontal assault when Her mind suddenly trembled.</p>
<p>She instantly felt the opponent was tall, majestic, terrifying, strong, and charismatic—involuntarily wanting to submit.</p>
<p>Even more horrifying was the sense of facing the source, facing a deity, facing the embodiment of destruction and apocalypse.</p>
<p>This caused Her body and mind to briefly lose self-awareness, unable to respond effectively in time.</p>
<p>Conquest!</p>
<p>Lumian had obtained the power of conquest through sacrificing to the City of Calamity, supplemented with a hint of sefirah-quality conquest power.</p>
<p>Now, he was a genuine City of Calamity priest, the high priest of war’s essence!</p>
<p>The Demoness of Gray froze in place. Lumian’s iron-black eyes, revealing pale regions, slashed down the black great sword burning with the Fire of Destruction.</p>
<p>Simultaneously, the mirror world around the Demoness of Gray fractured in all directions—up, down, left, right, front, and back. Each fragment was “conquered” as a soldier, transforming into large and small black flame-composed short arrows, restrained with violence and destruction, swooshing toward Judith.</p>
<p>These densely packed, impenetrable arrows seemed to weave a net of destruction, with Judith as the massive fish caught within.</p>
<p><em>Boom!</em></p>
<p>The Sword of Destruction cleaved into the Demoness of Gray’s shoulder, and the black flame short arrows hit the target from all directions.</p>
<p>Cracking sounds rang out continuously, and Demoness of Gray Judith’s Mirror Substitutions exploded simultaneously, without exception.</p>
<p>Now Her form in the mirror, but even Her form in the real world was affected by Cull and the Sword of Destruction, suddenly erupting in black flames and burning to ash.</p>
<p>Only those sleeping mirrors She had hidden in multiple places, having severed most of Her mystical connections, were spared.</p>
<p>And She would need considerable time to resurrect through these means.</p>
<p>After dispatching the Demoness of Gray, Lumian’s body suddenly shrank, the blood-colored pennant between his brows gradually receding, yet seeming to still writhe.</p>
<p>He made no delay, nor considered pursuing the Demoness of Gray, immediately wanting to escape the mirror world and then find a way to reunite with Franca, Jenna, and the others.</p>
<p>In an instant, he sensed something and cast his gaze toward one of the illusory tunnels.</p>
<p>He felt true safety lay there.</p>
<p>Lumian’s figure turned ethereal, about to traverse through.</p>
<p>Just then, his thoughts abruptly stiffened, and a slick yet marvelous sensation spread across his surface.</p>
<p>He saw thick black hair like serpents emerging from nowhere, coiling around him, their tips either embedded with black and white eyes or bearing venomous snake heads, mouths slightly open, tongues protruding.</p>
<p>Lumian also saw that under the gaze of those black and white eyes, his body had turned gray-white, transforming into stone, unable to use any abilities.</p>
<p>He was layer upon layer wrapped by those thick, serpent-like, slick and slightly damp black hairs in his stone state.</p>
<p>The only thing he could do now was commit suicide.</p>
<p>Suddenly, a gentle, soft female voice with a hint of laughter whispered in his ear, “I have been waiting for you for a long time.”</p>
<p>This voice scratched at Lumian’s soul, making his entire body feel itchy, and even petrified, he sank into it, not wanting to break free.</p>
<p>A name spontaneously flashed in his mind: <em>Primordial Demoness Cheek!</em></p>
<p>Two pure, delicate white hands stretched from behind and gently caressed Lumian’s cheeks.</p>
<p>These beautiful hands were not yet perfect, but they could evoke the most primitive and intense desires of anyone who saw them, instantly propelling them to heavenly pleasure from which they could never escape.</p>
<p>Just by being seen.</p>
<p>Lumian in his petrified state was equally affected, his mind almost completely blank.</p>
<p>The reason it was not entirely blank was because he saw his mirror self was also dragged out from hiding by those thick, slick black serpent-like hairs, his body gray-white, because a curvaceous, icy yet inexplicably fiery body was pressed against his back.</p>
<p>That body cradled his face, dragging him with black hair deeper into the mirror world, rapidly retreating into that special mirror world.</p>
<p>Mr. Fool Blinked into this area, just in time to see Lumian being embraced from behind by an infinitely charming, vaguely discernible figure in the special mirror world, being dragged inside.</p>
<p>His black trench coat suddenly lifted.</p>
<p>Fooled!</p>
<p>Simultaneously, a dozen-meter-tall figure appeared before Lumian.</p>
<p>It was a female, wearing a dress seemingly made of white bones, her black hair like venomous giant serpents—long, thick, and slick, with snake heads at the tips or rolling black and white eyes, turning everything around her to stone, releasing various mystical pathogens.</p>
<p>Her beauty of countenance had transcended human limits, reaching a conceptual level. All living beings and all things would be infatuated and entranced by Her slightest expression, perpetually in ecstasy. Even rules and concepts seemed reluctant to constrain Her, to oppose Her.</p>
<p>Mr. Fool’s Fooling instantly took effect, causing Her azure, ocean-like, gem-crystal eyes to suddenly become clouded.</p>
<p>But Her charm did not diminish by half; instead, it presented a different seduction.</p>
<p>This momentarily stunned Mr. Fool.</p>
<p>In that instant of stunned silence, the area outside the special mirror world, along with the Primordial Demoness Cheek’s figure, moved toward apocalypse, instantly condensing into an exceptionally dangerous darkness.</p>
<p>By the time Mr. Fool made his own wish and satisfied his own wish, restoring the original scene, Lumian’s figure had already disappeared into the deep, dark region representing the special mirror world.</p>
<p>Mr. Fool’s flickering figure raised the star-studded staff in his hand, materializing a night sky full of brilliant stars before him.</p>
<p>Those stars quickly formed a directional, dreamlike key, forcibly opening the barrier of the special mirror world, pinpointing Lumian’s current location.</p>
<p>Just as Mr. Fool was about to Wander in, a strange black surge suddenly emerged at the edge of that deep darkness, forming an abnormally massive, extremely distorted phantasm that resembled a human yet had many non-human features.</p>
<p>This phantasm looked across the special mirror world’s barrier, crazy yet incredibly silent, watching Mr. Fool, as if waiting for him to come.</p>
<p>Mr. Fool stopped Wandering and similarly watched the phantasm in silence.</p>
<p>In a mirror rear area not far from here, Red Angel Medici, leaning against the hard mirror surface, brought the red apple in His hand to His mouth and took another bite.</p>
<p>Within the crisp sound, He muttered softly, “Cheek indeed appeared.</p>
<p>“But She is not weak at all. In fact, She seems even stronger…”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
