<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1116.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1108-fusion" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1108: Fusion</h2>
<p>As the rusty and blood-cast crown was slowly pressed into Lumian’s head, Lumian, who was in a state of continuous pleasure and petrification, suddenly regained a bit of thought, <em>Is this ‘crown’ the Sequence 1 Beyonder characteristic of the Hunter pathway, Conqueror?</em></p>
<p><em>The one that fell into the Primordial Demoness’s hands?</em></p>
<p><em>I’ve only partially digested my Weather Warlock potion…</em></p>
<p><em>Forcibly merging the Conqueror Beyonder characteristic with me in this situation, without supplementary ingredients or an advancement ritual, I will inevitably lose control and go mad…</em></p>
<p><em>Is this the future pointed to by the letter from the Circle of Inevitability, and the truth of the prophecy by the Post-Apocalyptic Scripture?</em></p>
<p>Lumian could flash a few thoughts but could not use his abilities, because the snake-like black hair that brought petrification was still entwined around him, and the white body that brought heaven and hell was still on him, encompassing him, embracing him from all directions.</p>
<p>The blood-stained and rusty “crown” gradually sank into Lumian’s head, bringing tearing pain, a desire to conquer everything, and violent, mad emotions.</p>
<p>The female voice, filled with laughter and sighs, seductive and charming, once again sounded by Lumian’s ear.</p>
<p>“When we truly become the Original Creator—the Oldest One—in the mirror, you won’t need to worry about the future or the apocalypse. Even if reality is destroyed, as long as there’s a mirror left in this universe, the mirror world won’t completely shatter. By then, the reality reflected in the mirror world will walk out of the mirror exactly as it was, all buildings will be restored, all humans will be resurrected, and they’ll continue living happily—just with their left and right hands’ habits reversed…</p>
<p>“I know what you want most is to resurrect your sister Aurore…</p>
<p>“She will definitely be resurrected, and I will eventually merge into this body of yours, becoming one with her…</p>
<p>“By then, I can continue to be your sister…</p>
<p>“Stupid, I am your sister…”</p>
<p>An unspeakable anger suddenly rose in Lumian’s heart, but this still couldn’t help him escape his current state and predicament.</p>
<p>The next second, a figure appeared in his blurry vision.</p>
<p>The figure was draped in blood-colored long hair, wearing black armor stained with crimson, with a rigid temperament and azure eyes, openly displaying a cruelty and madness ready to destroy everything at any moment.</p>
<p>The mirrored Blood Emperor Alista Tudor!</p>
<p>Lumian instantly understood that the one who had previously persuaded this mirrored Blood Emperor to leave was Primordial Demoness Cheek.</p>
<p>This might be because Lumian had not yet become an Angel at that time, or perhaps because the situation was not yet chaotic, with too many high-ranking figures watching…</p>
<p>The mirrored Alista Tudor looked at Lumian and the white body intertwined, let out a contemptuous laugh, and walked towards Lumian’s body.</p>
<p>He gradually became ethereal and shrank, like a human reflected in an ordinary mirror.</p>
<p>Seeing this, Lumian instantly understood what the mirrored Alista Tudor was about to do.</p>
<p>He was going to use the forceful infusion of the Conqueror Beyonder characteristic and the residual Blood Emperor aura in his body to occupy this body and complete His resurrection!</p>
<p>For Tudor, who was originally Sequence 0 Red Priest, both the Weather Warlock and Conqueror Beyonder characteristics could be easily digested without any problems, and He would not lose control or go mad.</p>
<p>Lumian suddenly realized the true purpose of the Circle of Inevitability sending that letter.</p>
<p><em>He wants to fix this fate of losing control, making it a predetermined end…</em></p>
<p><em>This is not targeting me, but the Blood Emperor Alista Tudor He saw, who was about to replace me…</em></p>
<p><em>But would Tudor be afraid of going mad?</em></p>
<p><em>Would He care about this issue?</em></p>
<hr />
<p>In the special mirror world, Jenna didn’t dare to look directly at the enormous, distorted inhuman silhouette separated by the barrier, nor could she participate in the battle in that area.</p>
<p>She only knew that Mr. Fool had split into multiple crazily flickering human figures, only knew that the area had been destroyed multiple times and then restored to its original state, only knew that she sometimes felt dull, stupid, and her thoughts sluggish, sometimes felt that a segment of the middle process was missing, sometimes showed signs of losing control, and sometimes was in an incredibly good state…</p>
<p>What she also knew was that Mr. Fool seemingly couldn’t defeat the distorted silhouette in a short time and enter the depths of the special mirror world. Her spiritual intuition and the mystical connection brought by Mr. Fool told her that Lumian was at that moment in the depths of the special mirror world.</p>
<p>There was presumably Primordial Demoness Cheek, an unknown great terror. The longer time passed, the higher the possibility that Lumian would completely die or turn into Alista Tudor or some other monster.</p>
<p>For Jenna, each second now felt like an entire year, and many seconds had already passed.</p>
<p>Her heart gradually sank, becoming more and more desperate.</p>
<p>She hated that she couldn’t help at all, and couldn’t assist Mr. Fool in quickly resolving the battle.</p>
<p>Ironically, her Despair potion was rapidly being digested.</p>
<hr />
<p>Deep within the special mirror world.</p>
<p>The mirrored Blood Emperor, now reduced to normal human size, suddenly had a human figure appear before Him.</p>
<p>This figure was draped in rust-colored long hair, wearing white armor, with iron-black eyes and a high-bridged nose, seemingly cast from the same mold as Blood Emperor Alista Tudor, only with many opposite details in color.</p>
<p>His eyes were rigid and hollow, seemingly possessing only a tiny bit of self-awareness.</p>
<p>The mirrored Alista Tudor overlapped with this figure, beginning to fuse intensely.</p>
<p>Lumian, whose mind was ravaged by violent and conquering emotions, vaguely knew who the Alista Tudor in white full-body armor was.</p>
<p>He was the product of the initial fusion between the Blood Emperor and the mirrored Original Creator—the Oldest One—during the Fourth Epoch.</p>
<p>He was the true resurrection arrangement of the Blood Emperor Alista Tudor, always kept and protected by Primordial Demoness Cheek.</p>
<p>Now, with the mirrored Alista Tudor and the Sequence 1 Conqueror” Beyonder characteristic’s “participation”, the resurrection would become easier and more perfect!</p>
<p>The two Tudors, intensely fusing, came to Lumian’s side. At this moment, Lumian’s head had been opened, and inside was not white brain matter, nor iron-black bones interwoven with violet-tinged fire and symbolic patterns, but a phantasmal blood-stained “crown”.</p>
<p>It seemed to be drawing on Lumian’s flesh and spirit, merging with itself as the primary, rather than with Lumian.</p>
<p>The overlapping Tudors, still fusing and dropping various colored flames, pressed Their right palm into Lumian’s brain, onto the rusty phantasmal “crown”.</p>
<p>Their figures instantly entered Lumian’s body, and the Blood Emperor residual aura on Lumian’s right palm suddenly protruded and expanded, rapidly breaking through the Underworld Daoist’s seal and igniting his entire body.</p>
<p>Violent, mad, cruel, and savage mental states swept through like a storm, destroying Lumian’s consciousness.</p>
<p>Lumian finally lost that last bit of thought.</p>
<p>The perfect torso entwined with him and still consummating with him covered his body in a thick layer of frost, which did not quickly melt even under the violet flames, thus controlling the fire’s burning, maintaining the best rhythm of Lumian and Tudor’s fusion.</p>
<p>This torso stood up from Lumian’s embrace, separating from him, no longer entangling or restraining him.</p>
<p>A bone-made dress flew up from the ground, draping over this white torso.</p>
<p>Her beautiful face revealed an obvious smile, speaking to the two Tudors still fusing with Lumian, “You haven’t reclaimed the Red Priest’s Uniqueness. I can’t merge with this body’s feminine side right now, as that would cause an imbalance, leading to the worst outcome.</p>
<p>“But it’s fine. The problems brought by the Primordial God Almighty’s consciousness revival are both troublesome and helpful. I can separate a personality containing the Sequence 1 Demoness of Apocalypse Beyonder characteristic, partial self-awareness and spirit, like a Visionary, without reducing my current level, just losing corresponding memories and cognition, causing certain spiritual disabilities…”</p>
<p>The Primordial Demoness spoke, Her expression suddenly twisting, revealing intense pain.</p>
<p>Her arms, shoulders, and head were all cracking.</p>
<p>After several seconds, a figure identical to Her, wearing a bone dress, walked out.</p>
<p>This supremely beautiful figure was wet, as if coated with a liquid containing all colors.</p>
<p>The Primordial Demoness’s face returned to normal.</p>
<p>She ignored the self that had crumbled, seeming to have forgotten certain things.</p>
<p>The split-off Primordial Demoness, with the same objective as Her original self, let the bone dress fall to the ground, sitting again on Lumian, embracing him, entwining him, increasingly forcefully, with flesh beginning to fuse.</p>
<p>Almost simultaneously, the distorted giant figure at the special mirror world’s edge was dramatically dragged back by an extremely exaggerated horrifying suction, quickly returning to normal.</p>
<p>She was another Primordial Demoness, breathtakingly beautiful, wearing a black bone dress.</p>
<p>She looked resistant, but under the original Primordial Demoness’s intense suppression, was forced to shed Her dress, overlapping with the torso entangled with Lumian.</p>
<p>Suddenly, in this area where all symbols and prerequisites were now present, a light burst forth, so bright it seemed about to create a world.</p>
<p>This erupted from the fusion point of Lumian and the two Blood Emperors, the two Primordial Demonesses.</p>
<hr />
<p>At the special mirror world’s edge.</p>
<p>Seeing the distorted figure instantly retreat, Mr. Fool did not hesitate, preparing to penetrate the barrier and enter the most dangerous place.</p>
<p>Suddenly, an extreme brightness surged out, enveloping the barrier, forming a new obstruction, like the amniotic membrane protecting a baby, like the invisible layer protecting this planet.</p>
<p>An indescribable terrifying sensation spread out, causing Mr. Fool’s figure to pause, with Jenna briefly losing her thoughts.</p>
<p>Not far from here, Red Angel Medici, leisurely eating an apple and patiently waiting for developments, had His expression suddenly freeze.</p>
<p>In His eyes was also reflected that unimaginable surging light.</p>
<p>After a few seconds, Red Angel Medici ground His teeth and muttered, “What the hell has that lunatic, Tudor, gotten Himself into…”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
