<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1187.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1178-the-meaning-of-guardianship" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1178: The Meaning of Guardianship</h2>
<p>Loen Kingdom, Backlund, Saint Leonard’s Cathedral.</p>
<p>The Star Leonard glanced at Antigonus beside him and cautiously asked, “Are you sure we don’t need to weave and implant Her original memories back into Her?”</p>
<p>Antigonus, with half-gray hair but a youthful face, shook His head without saying a word.</p>
<p>A few seconds later, a figure appeared at the cathedral entrance. It was a woman, wearing a hooded classical robe, with long black hair draped over her shoulders. She had a delicate face but a dazed expression, like a lost child.</p>
<p>Antigonus quickly approached her.</p>
<p>The woman still looked confused upon seeing Him, unsure of who He was. Yet, for some inexplicable reason, she suddenly felt at ease, no longer afraid, and instinctively felt this person was trustworthy.</p>
<p>Standing before her, Antigonus spoke with both joy and concern, “Let’s go.”</p>
<p>The beautiful woman did not hesitate and softly nodded. “Okay.”</p>
<p>Antigonus immediately relaxed and turned around with a smile, guiding her forward.</p>
<p>They walked side by side across the square, sending flocks of white doves flying into the sky.</p>
<p>Leonard watched them disappear before turning back toward the cathedral.</p>
<p>As he approached the entrance, he saw several Nighthawks wearing red gloves hurrying out.</p>
<p>“What happened?” Leonard asked habitually.</p>
<p>The Red Gloves glanced at him, respectfully tapped the star symbol on their chests, and the leader quickly replied, “A Beyonder seems to be losing control. We need to handle it.”</p>
<p>Leonard gave a slight nod, not delaying them, and proceeded down the stairs into the underground area.</p>
<p>He entered his room, sat on the armchair, casually picked up a newspaper, and began reading.</p>
<hr />
<p>Angel of Time Pallez Zoroast followed behind The Magician Fors, passing through a grand door forged by brilliant starlight. Above, two suns seemed to hang in the sky, and silver-black spaceships either landed back at the spaceport or soared into the vast cosmos on missions.</p>
<p>“This is Planet Lorbath, home to an advanced civilization that worships the Stars. Don’t be surprised when you see them—they may look like lizards, but they’re friendly. They won’t find our presence odd either; this is a hub for several nearby star dominions,” Fors explained to the “tour group.”</p>
<p>Judgment Xio, The Hermit Cattleya, Temperance Sharron, and Hela from the Church of Evernight all listened attentively.</p>
<p>Angel of the Holy Spirit Reinette asked earnestly, “Can we just call them lizards?”</p>
<p>“No,” The Magician Fors immediately shook her head. “Best not to even think it. They communicate telepathically. Of course, at your level, you don’t have to worry about them hearing anything they shouldn’t. They won’t recklessly probe your thoughts—they’ve suffered for that before, nearly leading to their civilization’s destruction.”</p>
<p>Hearing “telepathic communication,” Franca glanced around and asked, “Madam Justice didn’t come this time?”</p>
<p>Judgment Xio answered for The Magician Fors, “Madam Justice has been busy guiding the parliament to pass bills limiting royal power, protecting workers’ rights, and expanding suffrage. She said radical change leads to problems, so it must be done step by step.”</p>
<p>I see… Franca relaxed, but The Magician Fors then specifically reminded The Sun Derrick, “Don’t spread Mr. Fool’s faith on this planet. Control yourself.”</p>
<p>“Okay.” The Sun Derrick nodded sincerely.</p>
<p>Beside him, The Hanged Man Alger pulled a mirror from his Traveler’s Bag. In it, flickering prayer lights of the Sea God Church clergy, key followers, and ship Beyonders appeared.</p>
<p>“This really works,” Alger thanked The Empress Franca.</p>
<p>This way, he wouldn’t have to worry about his trip delaying crucial matters for the Sea God Church and the Blue Avenger.</p>
<p>“Of course it does,” Franca smiled, pointing at Aurore. “That mirror was provided by the Ruler of the Mirror World.”</p>
<p>Such mirrors always came in pairs—one remained on Earth, infused with the user’s aura for a quick response, while the other relayed prayers via the mirror world. All of this lay within the Ruler of the Mirror World’s domain.</p>
<p>This solved the problem of Angels responding to prayers across star dominions without troubling Mr. Fool into being part of the relay.</p>
<p>Aurore, with thick black hair and stunning beauty, curiously observed the massive steel fortress floating above—a structure nearly the size of a city.</p>
<p>Suddenly, Franca chuckled softly. “I just thought of a classic joke.”</p>
<p>“What is it?” Aurore asked casually.</p>
<p>Franca replied seriously, “If our ‘tour group’ were painted, the artwork could have a name.”</p>
<p>While others looked puzzled, Aurore faintly guessed the punchline and smiled ahead of time.</p>
<p>Franca cleared her throat and said, “The painting would be called… ‘Mr. Moon Being a Homebody.’”</p>
<hr />
<p>Intis Republic, Trier.</p>
<p>Returning from her travels, Franca put on a cap and stepped outside.</p>
<p>Passing a nearby school, she saw Anthony waiting for Ludwig to finish class while he remained vigilant. She didn’t disturb him.</p>
<p>Soon, she arrived at a cathedral that was established in the past few weeks.</p>
<p>Saint Audrey Cathedral, under the Church of The Fool.</p>
<p>Upon entering, Franca saw a large golden retriever in spotless white robes weaving among the believers—chatting, praying, and exchanging greetings harmoniously.</p>
<p>The believers found nothing strange about the dog speaking human language and respectfully addressed it as “Your Grace.”</p>
<p>Franca didn’t correct them and casually sat down, smiling at the scene.</p>
<p>She had avoided visiting the Saint Franca Cathedral under the Ruler of Calamity Church and came here just to enjoy this heartwarming sight.</p>
<p>After watching for a while, Franca was about to leave when she noticed someone she knew, though that person didn’t know her.</p>
<p>It was a woman with black hair and brown eyes, delicate features, and wearing dark pants and a skirt—Melissa Moretti.</p>
<p>“Why are you in Trier?” Franca casually sat beside Melissa.</p>
<p>Melissa turned to look at her, momentarily stunned by her beauty. She quickly composed herself and asked, “Who might you be?”</p>
<p>“I’m Franca Roland. Not sure if you’ve heard of me?” Franca tried to make her smile friendlier.</p>
<p>Though in her heart, she added, But I know your brother, Klein Moretti.</p>
<p>Fellow countryman!</p>
<p>Roommate!</p>
<p>Melissa paused. “I’ve heard of you…”</p>
<p>“Drop the formalities.” Franca waved it off. “So, why are you here in Trier?”</p>
<p>Melissa considered her words. “I was sent to study at a research institute under the God of Steam and Machinery Church.”</p>
<p>“Oh, I see.” Franca chuckled, “If you’ve heard of me, that means you’re a Beyonder now, right?”</p>
<p>She had long been aware of this matter. She was raising the question mainly to find a topic to talk about.</p>
<p>Melissa nodded slightly. “Yes, I’m a Sequence 5 Astronomer of the Savant pathway.”</p>
<p>“Finished digesting the potion? Got the ingredients for advancing to a demigod?” Franca asked, just as she once cared for Lumian, the brother of a fellow countryman.</p>
<p>“I’ve finished digesting. I should get the ingredients after this study ends, but… I’m hesitant about the ritual…” Melissa had been troubled by this matter for some time. She couldn’t hide her thoughts in front of Franca, who was so beautiful that she couldn’t help but let her guard down.</p>
<p>The advancement ritual to Alchemist required drawing all life force from an area, turning soil barren and lakes dry.</p>
<p>Franca smiled brightly. “That’s no big deal. Rituals always have alternatives—like choosing an uninhabited planet. Or, you could cultivate the Dao first. Once you succeed, the Celestial Master could grant you a corresponding talisman, allowing you to adapt to the corresponding power ahead of time. When you later consume the potion, the ritual’s requirements would drastically reduce…”</p>
<p>Melissa listened carefully at first but grew confused.</p>
<p>Talisman?</p>
<p>Celestial Master? Who’s that?</p>
<p>Seeing her confusion, Franca smiled. “Let’s find a café for a chit chat. I’ll explain everything in detail.”</p>
<p>“Okay.” Driven by curiosity for knowledge, Melissa stood up.</p>
<p>As they walked out of Saint Audrey’s cathedral, Franca casually asked, “Have Benson and the others come into contact with mysticism and also become Beyonders?”</p>
<p>“Yeah.” Melissa nodded slightly.</p>
<p>“Good for them.” Franca sighed, “Though the mysticism world is dangerous, as long as you don’t advance too high, it’s fine. Plus, higher Sequences mean longer life and ways to extend it. Definitely a good thing…”</p>
<p>Hearing Franca, Melissa reflected on her journey—her love for machinery leading her to believing in the God of Steam and Machinery and making contact with Beyonder powers.</p>
<p>After becoming a Beyonder, then interacting with the Church of the Evernight Goddess’s Nighthawks and her brother Klein’s colleagues like Leonard Michel, she slowly uncovered the truth of that particular event.</p>
<p>Later on, she learned more and more…</p>
<p>As her thoughts raced, Melissa recalled Mr. Leonard’s words to her a few days ago.</p>
<p>“He’s not in good shape lately. You can only reach him through rituals. In a few years, he should walk the earth again…”</p>
<p>A few years… Melissa gazed at the golden sunlit streets ahead, a faint smile appearing on her face.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
