<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1159.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1150-mysteries" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1150: Mysteries</h2>
<p>As Lumian rose to his feet, Earth Mother Lilith sighed softly.</p>
<p>She raised Her right hand with a relaxed smile, smoothing Her dark brown hair.</p>
<p>It was as if She had returned to the state when She was one of the eight ancient gods.</p>
<p>Back then, She was the most beautiful woman, the most beautiful creature, and the most beautiful deity in the entire world and universe.</p>
<p>Almost simultaneously, She sensed the Gift of the Land shrinking slightly toward Her, seemingly startled, frightened, and saddened.</p>
<p>She also saw Mr. Fool, who was already standing, raise both hands. The black trench coat He wore flared as if caught in a strong wind.</p>
<p>Fooled!</p>
<p>Both Lumian’s and Lilith’s respective symbolic connections were valid and strong. Without needing further aid, Mr. Fool’s sole task now was to Fool the Brood Hive, ensuring It remained utterly convinced.</p>
<p>The next moment, Sanguine Ancestor Lilith saw the formless, colorless flame Lumian had conjured merge with the freezing black flame, forming a strange black fire that restrained madness, destruction, and chaos.</p>
<p>Fire of Destruction!</p>
<p>The Fire of Destruction elongated into a massive black sword, which struck the remains of Omebella and Lilith across the distance.</p>
<p>Lilith offered no resistance, and neither did the Gift of the Land. It only let out an illusory wail of sorrow.</p>
<p>Lilith smiled—a smile as radiant as moonlight, as tender as the earth, and as loving as a mother’s.</p>
<p><em>Crack!</em></p>
<p>Omebella’s remains were the first to shatter. The lingering spirit and spirituality within them were swallowed by the black flames of the Sword of Destruction, disappearing entirely.</p>
<p>Pieces of broken wood were flung in all directions, charred black, with some reduced to ash.</p>
<p>Lilith’s expression twisted uncontrollably, a reflection of the instinctive pain She felt.</p>
<p>Her voluptuous, graceful body split open, crumbling into fragments of brown light that scattered across the sky.</p>
<p>Her immense vitality struggled to reassemble the fragments, but it couldn’t overcome the symbolic forces of destruction and chaos.</p>
<p>Within two or three seconds, the orbs of brown light fell to the grand palace’s floor.</p>
<p>Lilith’s consciousness rapidly dissipated. The final image in Her vision was of Mr. Fool and Lumian bowing slightly to Her in unison.</p>
<p>She smiled again.</p>
<p>Outside the protected zone, at the astral barrier, under the influence of the symbolic connection of falsehood becoming truth, the dormant body of Earth Mother Lilith also began to collapse, consumed by black flames that annihilated all and returned everything to the primordial.</p>
<p>A crimson moon once again rose high in the World of Ruins, accompanied by a mass of brown soil sprouting grass, grains, trees, mushrooms, and numerous reproductive organs.</p>
<p>Earth Mother Lilith, the ancestor of the Sanguine, had fallen.</p>
<p>Soon, the crimson moon and the brown soil plummeted together, streaking the sky with red and brown light as they descended into the protected zone.</p>
<p>Grafting!</p>
<p>On the western horizon, the larger blood-red moon that had just begun to rise through the gray fog suddenly exhibited rapid upheaval. A prominent bulge surged upward, as if the moon’s crust were violently shifting, forming a mountain thousands or tens of thousands of meters high.</p>
<p>The mountain wriggled, resembling both a bird’s nest and a womb.</p>
<p>The Brood Hive, whose dissipating consciousness had been rekindled by intense hatred and mystical stimulation, reassembled and became active once more.</p>
<p>The ascent of the enormous blood moon came to an abrupt halt, even showing signs of sinking back into the depths of the gray fog and below the horizon.</p>
<p>Sanguine Ancestor Lilith’s death had not been in vain. The complete fusion of the Mother Goddess of Depravity and the Brood Hive had indeed been delayed!</p>
<p>At the astral barrier, with the Earth Mother’s support gone, eight stars of various colors—scarlet, gold, and more—suddenly flared with extreme brilliance.</p>
<p>They rapidly expanded, pressing against the invisible barrier like terrifying eyes peering inside, or gaping mouths tearing at a membranous veil.</p>
<p>The sound of crackling transitioned from the abstract to the real, resonating from the astral world into the World of Ruins.</p>
<p>This signified that the invisible barrier had developed deep cracks, with mere seconds of durability remaining.</p>
<p>Once it shattered, the Outer Deities would tear apart the entire planet.</p>
<p>Among them, some deities bore symbols far less “gentle” than the Great Mother’s.</p>
<p>Within the protected zone.</p>
<p>Will Auceptin, residing in the Southern Continent, raised His head to gaze at the night sky where the crimson moon hung high, and sighed in a deliberately aged tone.</p>
<p>“What’s destined to come will come…”</p>
<p>He still appeared as a young boy, but His hair had somehow turned silver.</p>
<p>Beside Him, Azik Eggers also looked at the crimson moon in the night sky and nodded slightly. “Death is not the true end.</p>
<p>“Even death itself will pass away.”</p>
<p>At that moment, all the high-level entities within the protected zone “heard” the warning of fate—a symphony heralding the arrival of death.</p>
<p>They were all powerless to stop it.</p>
<p>Meanwhile, in the grand palace above the gray fog, Mr. Fool Klein nodded at Lumian and stepped forward.</p>
<p>He entered the astral realm, His figure growing immeasurably vast, neither abstracted nor reduced to mere symbols.</p>
<p>More than a month earlier, Klein Moretti had already completed his confrontation and fusion with The Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings, truly accommodating Sefirah Castle!</p>
<p>The acceleration of Klein’s progress was due to the Mother Goddess of Depravity’s actions—Her attempt to revive the Primordial God Almighty through the mirrored Original Creator and the subsequent true birth of Omebella.</p>
<p>While these moves brought immense gains to the Mother Goddess, they also had significant drawbacks. They agitated the Celestial Worthy, who understood the terror of the Original Creator and the hatred the Primordial God Almighty bore toward Him. Forced to compromise, the Celestial Worthy chose to compromise and withdraw.</p>
<p>Although this meant ceding the contest to Klein, the Celestial Worthy believed that, in the grand scheme of things—over tens of thousands or even millions of years—He would eventually triumph. However, should the Original Creator or Primordial God Almighty return, all hope would be lost for Him!</p>
<p>To hasten the Celestial Worthy’s withdrawal, Klein had made some concessions, achieving a more thorough fusion in certain aspects.</p>
<p>Thus, on June 25, 1360, Klein Moretti completed his confrontation and fusion with the Celestial Worthy, accommodating Sefirah Castle as a single-pathway deity—The Fool!</p>
<p>For over a month since then, the now fully awakened The Fool Klein had refrained from immediate action, sharing his true state only with Lumian, the Evernight Goddess, and Will Auceptin. Instead, he had patiently and covertly prepared.</p>
<p>A Magician didn’t perform unprepared!</p>
<p>Lumian’s actions—visiting Red Angel Medici, retrieving 0-01, and dealing with Primordial Demoness Cheek—had happened only at the end of June for a critical reason:</p>
<p>he was awaiting Mr. Fool’s full awakening!</p>
<p>That’s why Ouroboros suddenly sensed that the opportunity had slipped away, and that He wouldn’t be able to become a deity of the Fate pathway in the near future.</p>
<p>That was why the blessing granted by Will Auceptin could enable the scene transplantation of the Box of the Great Old Ones—it was finally the right moment. With the help of the awakened Fool Klein, He accommodated the Die of Probability, the Uniqueness of the Fate pathway.</p>
<p>That’s why Lumian, under the guise of seeking divination, visited the God of Knowledge and Wisdom and Queen Mystic on behalf of Mr. Fool.</p>
<p>Klein and Lumian’s original plan was that once the latter accommodated the City of Calamity, he would leverage symbolic connections to kill Earth Mother Lilith. During the fierce confrontation between the Brood Hive and the Mother Goddess of Depravity, Klein would enter the astral world, retrieve the Uniquenesses of Error and Door, along with their corresponding Sequence 1 characteristics, and truly transcend the Sequences to become the Lord of Mysteries. As a Pillar, he would replace Earth Mother Lilith in maintaining the astral barrier.</p>
<p>This approach would ensure the barrier’s stability for at least another three to five years. That was why Klein had chosen not to ascend as the Lord of Mysteries at that time to directly confront the Mother Goddess of Depravity. If he had taken back the Uniquenesses linked to Gehrman Sparrow, the barrier would have collapsed within three seconds, even if Earth Mother Lilith hadn’t yet fallen.</p>
<p>Simultaneously, the Lord of Mysteries Klein could remotely assist Lumian—now the Origins of Disaster—against the Mother Goddess of Depravity, who would be suffering a backlash from the Brood Hive. This greatly increased their chances of victory. With the barrier stabilized, the battle would no longer have a time constraint.</p>
<p>Once the Mother Goddess of Depravity was driven from within the barrier, Lord of Mysteries Klein could lift the seals and aid the birth of more Above the Sequences. With him present, the deities could take turns leaving the astral barrier without fear of its collapse.</p>
<p>However, to stabilize Lumian and prevent him from exploding uncontrollably as a Great Old Dominator after accommodating the City of Calamity, The Fool Klein chose to wait another month. This caused them to miss the optimal opportunity—though it might not have been optimal and could very well have been the worst possible time.</p>
<p>Since the best timing was no longer available, they now had to act quickly and give Lumian a chance to accommodate the City of Calamity before the Mother Goddess of Depravity fully accommodated the Brood Hive!</p>
<p>At the astral barrier, the figure of Gehrman Sparrow, who had been waiting, emerged. With his star-encrusted cane and black gloves, he stepped in front of The Fool Klein.</p>
<p>His expression cold, he revealed a faint smile, took a step forward, and merged with The Fool Klein’s figure.</p>
<p>The two became one!</p>
<p>The Fool Klein’s body abruptly collapsed inward. Within the depths of his black trench coat, a glowing bluish-black door seemed to flicker in and out of existence.</p>
<p>The star-encrusted cane and black gloves collapsed inward as well, forming a massive vortex within the trench coat—a terrifying vortex.</p>
<p>Every gust of wind, droplet of water, and ray of light in the vortex consisted of writhing worms, segmented insects, and tiny, starlit creatures.</p>
<p>Within a second or two, the vortex was also devoured. The inside of the black trench coat became an abyss, seemingly infinite, as if it contained an entire universe and a spirit world connected to every planet.</p>
<p>As this transformation occurred, grayish-white fog rapidly spread throughout the World of Ruins, enveloping the entire planet and all living beings.</p>
<p>Beyond the barrier, in the boundless universe, faint gray fog began to spread as well, though no one could say when it had started.</p>
<p>Living beings within the fog either became dull-witted, filled with cunning, or inexplicably transported to the place they knew most intimately.</p>
<p>Numerous rules malfunctioned, and many symbols were fooled.</p>
<p>The pressure from the Outer Deities momentarily stagnated.</p>
<p>Time stopped.</p>
<p>At the astral barrier, within the darkness inside the black trench coat, smooth tentacles inscribed with mysterious patterns suddenly emerged. They slipped into black gloves at the sleeves and lifted the star-encrusted cane.</p>
<p>Next, under the silk half top hat, a face slowly emerged from the darkness—a face with black hair and brown eyes.</p>
<p>It was Klein Moretti’s face.</p>
<p>The Lord of Mysteries was born.</p>
<p>The ruler of the spirit world had returned.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
