<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1145.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1136-beyonder-and-sealed-artifact-combination" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1136: Beyonder and Sealed Artifact Combination</h2>
<p>Having eliminated Zaratul through sheer rank suppression and a surprise ambush, Amon glanced at the ongoing battles deeper within the mirror world. He chose not to interfere and vanished, leaving behind Zaratul and His marionettes.</p>
<p>In one of the battlefields.</p>
<p>Returning from the shadows, the Demoness of Black Clarice swiftly utilized the mirror world to create multiple Mirror Projections across different locations, a mix of real and false images.</p>
<p>This was to evade the Transfiguration Curse from the opposing Disciple of Silence.</p>
<p>Although the Calamity of Crimson crown was a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact, it did not offer any resistance to the Transfiguration Curse. If the Demoness of Black tried to withstand it unaided, she would undoubtedly transform into a regular yet charming sheep, piglet, or rabbit—losing most of her abilities and traits.</p>
<p>If that happened, not only would Clarice be unable to wield the Calamity of Crimson, but the Grade 0 Sealed Artifact’s negative effects might even cause her to die on the spot.</p>
<p>Even if she were lucky enough to avoid triggering the negative effects, how could a powerless sheep—or any other animal—fight against a Sequence 3 Saint?</p>
<p>She would merely be slaughtered!</p>
<p>More critically, the Demoness Sect, with its stronghold in the Southern Continent, had significant experience dealing with the Transfiguration Curse due to frequent encounters with the Rose School of Thought. The Demoness of Black was acutely aware that the curse would target not only her true self but also her mirror self; the transformation was symmetrical.</p>
<p>Moreover, as a defenseless animal, she would be easily captured. Through the connection between her body and her revival arrangements, the enemy could uncover all the hidden dormant mirrors she had isolated in secret.</p>
<p>Such an outcome would mean the complete death of the notoriously resilient and difficult-to-kill Demoness of Unaging.</p>
<p>The Demoness Sect’s strategy for countering the Transfiguration Curse was clear: if the enemy was below Angel-level and could only target a single entity, one should conceal the true body using methods like Mirror Projections. If the opponent was an Angel, however, extreme vigilance was required. One had to be ready to activate Mirror Substitution preemptively while holding a lethal pathogen in their mouth—if evasion failed and one transformed into an animal, they should immediately commit suicide.</p>
<p>Now, the Demoness of Black was employing the first strategy. This was not only because her opponent, Madam Temperance Sharron was a mere Sequence 3 Saint but also because Clarice sought to curse her opponent in return.</p>
<p>Each of the Mirror Projections created through the Calamity of Crimson carried a portion of power and could use their eyes as a medium to curse any target they saw—a classic Demoness’s Curse.</p>
<p>With so many Mirror Projections at her disposal, the Demoness of Black was confident at least one would capture the enemy’s figure and successfully deliver a curse. Even if the curse did not originate from her true body and could not severely injure or kill the target, it would still have a significant impact, creating opportunities for subsequent attacks.</p>
<p>Meanwhile, Black Demoness Clarice allowed the Calamity of Crimson atop her head to glow.</p>
<p>She brought catastrophe to the battlefield.</p>
<p>The catastrophe manifested as the gradual collapse and disintegration of the corresponding area of the mirror world.</p>
<p>This not only limited her opponent’s ability to dodge, improving the chances of completing the curse, but also dragged all living beings in the battlefield toward annihilation and oblivion.</p>
<p>At that point, the Demoness of Unaging could revive, whereas a Disciple of Silence likely could not.</p>
<p>As the disaster unfolded, Madam Temperance Sharron remained expressionless, calm, and composed. All her emotions were tightly controlled.</p>
<p>She pulled out the second layer of her three-tiered jewelry box.</p>
<p>This was the second application of the Box of the Great Old Ones: This layer contained records of different locations, varied and numerous. It allowed the holder and all living beings within a certain range to be directly transported to the designated location. However, “designated” was not absolute. In actual use, the target location often changed randomly, making the final destination unpredictable, with only a slim chance of arriving at the intended place.</p>
<p>Madam Temperance Sharron now placed her faith in the blessing of the Angel of Fate, Will Auceptin. She believed that her “heart’s desire” would come true!</p>
<p>The reason Sharron was entrusted with the Box of the Great Old Ones for this mission was not due to random allocation. The Tarot Club members had discussed beforehand above the gray fog which member would best utilize each Grade 0 Sealed Artifact to secure a swift victory.</p>
<p>The consensus was unanimous: the Box of the Great Old Ones was best suited for Madam Temperance.</p>
<p>Earlier, Sharron had not used the second layer of the jewelry box immediately because Empress Roselle was still present—a formidable Angel likely capable of interfering with or resisting what was about to occur.</p>
<p>Now, as Sharron opened the second layer of the Box of the Great Old Ones, she designated a location and activated its power.</p>
<p>Just as the Demoness of Black captured her opponent’s figure and was about to complete her curse, the collapsing and annihilating mirror world suddenly shifted.</p>
<p>Accompanied by her Mirror Projections, she “accompanied” Sharron to a barren wilderness.</p>
<p>This wilderness was strewn with exposed gray-white rocks and densely packed skeletal remains stretching endlessly.</p>
<p>The Underworld!</p>
<p>The location Madam Temperance Sharron had designated was the Underworld. By sheer luck, the Box of the Great Old Ones avoided its usual randomness!</p>
<p>The moment the Demoness of Black and her Mirror Projections arrived in this desolate land, their bodies and expressions froze simultaneously.</p>
<p>The Mirror Projections shattered and dissipated instantly. The Demoness of Black’s face turned pale, losing all semblance of vitality.</p>
<p>Both she and her mirror self perished in an instant.</p>
<p>Any living creature that entered the Underworld would die on the spot!</p>
<p>Madam Sharron watched silently as the Demoness of Black died. Her own figure had grown increasingly transparent, her face paler than before.</p>
<p>Once a Wraith, she was now equivalent to an evil spirit. Naturally, she did not need to fear instant death in the Underworld, provided she did not linger too long.</p>
<p>This unique trait was why the Tarot Club believed Sharron should prioritize using the Box of the Great Old Ones and the Staff of the Stars.</p>
<p>She could move her opponents—whether Demonesses or other enemies—to the Underworld!</p>
<p>Between the two artifacts, Sharron ultimately chose the Box of the Great Old Ones due to Mr. Star’s unique trait.</p>
<p>Looking at the Demoness of Black’s corpse, Sharron quietly retrieved the Calamity of Crimson.</p>
<p>While the Underworld-induced death did not affect the isolated dormant mirrors, making it impossible to permanently kill the Demoness of Black, the revival process would take considerable time. She would no longer be able to participate in the current battle, and she had lost her Grade 0 Sealed Artifact.</p>
<hr />
<p>Not only did Sharron face the collapsing and annihilating mirror world, but so did Mr. Moon Emlyn.</p>
<p>Clad in the Robe of Divine Blood, he saw the ground collapse and the surroundings fade into nothingness. The malice within him grew increasingly uncontrollable. Spreading the bat-like wings covered in membranes on his back, he transformed into moonlight, directing it toward Demoness of White Katarina, who was also caught in the catastrophe, as though he was dragging her along with him.</p>
<p>Seeing the crimson moonlight approaching her, Katarina smiled and allowed the blood-red moonlight to shine upon her.</p>
<p><em>Crack!</em></p>
<p>Her body shattered under the corrosive influence of the blood-red moonlight, reverting to a mirror.</p>
<p>Moments later, she reappeared in another section of the collapsing battlefield, smiling as she watched the mirror world’s destruction consume both the crimson moonlight and herself.</p>
<p>This battlefield soon turned into a void.</p>
<p>Seconds later, due to the overall structure of the mirror world remaining intact, boundaries formed within the void, creating new stable regions.</p>
<p>Demoness of White Katarina stepped out of the void, fully resurrected.</p>
<p>She had indeed perished in the destruction, but through her mirror self outside the collapsed area, she returned.</p>
<p>This method was a quick way to resolve matters.</p>
<p>After scanning her surroundings and finding no trace of her enemy, Katarina smirked.</p>
<p>At that moment, a brazen voice echoed in her mind—it was The Moon Emlyn’s.</p>
<p><em>“If I were you, I wouldn’t be smiling.”</em></p>
<p>“You’re still alive?” Demoness of White Katarina blurted out and instinctively activated her Mirror Substitution.</p>
<p>The mirror left in her place shattered, and Katarina’s figure appeared at the edge of the region.</p>
<p>Yet Emlyn’s voice persisted in her mind: <em>“If you had died completely earlier, I would’ve perished too. But you didn’t.</em></p>
<p><em>“Your greatest mistake was assuming resurrection would solve everything after your emotions and desires were first triggered. You didn’t try to calm yourself.</em></p>
<p><em>“You and your mirror self share a connected psyche. If I could plant the seeds of malice deep within your mind, I could also erode your mirror self’s psyche.</em></p>
<p><em>“When my main body is destroyed, I can use these seeds to revive within you—igniting your desires, burning your blood!</em></p>
<p><em>“Malice never dies. Neither do demons.”</em></p>
<p>Demoness of White Katarina triggered her Mirror Substitution multiple times, but The Moon Emlyn’s voice never stopped.</p>
<p>Blood seeped from her pores, enveloping her completely.</p>
<p>Her mirror self suffered a similar fate.</p>
<p>Suddenly, the entire mirror world—or perhaps the entire world—began to shake violently.</p>
<hr />
<p>Within the special mirror world, amid the intense tremors, 0-17’s eyes grew increasingly dull and lifeless.</p>
<p>Her body rapidly faded, as if being erased by an invisible eraser.</p>
<p>The Sealed Artifact departed the battlefield, returning to a protected zone. The divine descent of the Evernight Goddess had concluded.</p>
<p>The tremors caused by the attacks on the astral barrier subsided.</p>
<p>Primordial Demoness Cheek turned Her gaze to Lumian, who was gripping Salinger’s Blood Banner, using it as the vessel for the Sword of Destruction.</p>
<p>The deity had earlier escaped his strike by deliberately shattering Her Mirror Substitution. Now, She reappeared in another part of the sky, saying with a chuckle,</p>
<p>“Now it’s just the two of us.”</p>
<p>Before She could finish, the figure of Amon, wearing His pointed hat and monocle, suddenly appeared in the area.</p>
<p>Adjusting His still-glowing monocle, Amon smiled at the Primordial Demoness Cheek.</p>
<p>“Apologies for being late. I had to make a quick trip to the astral world to steal a wish and enjoy a little dessert.”</p>
<p>Amon’s voice layered over itself, emanating from multiple rapidly flickering figures—never staying in one place long enough to be Charmed or attacked by the Primordial Demoness.</p>
<p>Hearing Amon’s words, Primordial Demoness Cheek narrowed Her eyes and clenched Her right fist.</p>
<p>The vortex of chaos that engulfed everything reappeared and expanded rapidly, attempting to consume the entire region.</p>
<p>“And that wish is…” Amon’s monocle glowed brighter, releasing the stolen wish.</p>
<p>At the same moment, He Blinked away from the oncoming vortex.</p>
<p>A voice reverberated across the area, so potent that even the all-encompassing chaos could only weaken it, unable to swallow it completely in short fashion.</p>
<p>“My wish is:</p>
<p>“All envisioned things in the special mirror world shall vanish briefly.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
