<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1157.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1148-farewell" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1148: Farewell</h2>
<p>Zedus emerged from the eye of Cheek’s face and quietly stood behind Lumian, expressionless and vacant-eyed.</p>
<p>After Lumian advanced to Red Priest, Zedus, along with the steel golems and undead soldiers formerly belonging to 0-01, was re-enlisted into the newly formed legion of the Red Priest. They were now stationed in a special mirror world that had become Lumian’s divine kingdom.</p>
<p>Seeing the Calamity of Crimson in Lumian’s hand, The Sun Derrick hesitated no longer and nodded slightly. “Okay.”</p>
<p>“I thought you might have some reluctance,” Lumian said casually.</p>
<p>Derrick shook his head and replied honestly, “When you first made the request, I did feel a bit reluctant. But after returning to the New City of Silver, I increasingly felt it was the right decision.</p>
<p>“When the apocalypse arrives, Mr. Fool will undoubtedly be unable to continue protecting the New City of Silver. The Gift of the Land is the remains of Omebella, the Great Mother’s most cherished daughter. It could likely spark an anomaly, causing unforeseen consequences and breaking apart the protected zones from within.</p>
<p>“Moreover, Chief Chirmont has long since digested the Silver Knight potion but has yet to advance to an Angel as a Glory. That’s because the Proof of Glory has to be used to seal the Gift of the Land. If it were turned into a Beyonder characteristic, anyone using it to advance would have to remain underground for extended periods, only leaving for short intervals during crises.</p>
<p>“Replacing the Gift of the Land with the Calamity of Crimson should free the Proof of Glory from its restraints.”</p>
<p>Derrick, having only just become an Angel, still lacked understanding of matters regarding the Above the Sequences.</p>
<p>Lumian produced a mirror and inserted the crystal tiara-shaped Calamity of Crimson into it.</p>
<p>He then gently ran his hand over the mirror’s surface.</p>
<p>After completing the task, he handed the mirror to The Sun Derrick.</p>
<p>“Place it in an underground location that moonlight can never reach. No males may be within ten meters. When it needs to be used, a woman must retrieve it.</p>
<p>“I’ve sealed the area behind the mirror and fixed an entrance to the mirror world on its surface. Even ordinary people can extend their hand inside to retrieve the Calamity of Crimson.”</p>
<p>This setup mirrored how Franca had once secured a mirror world entrance in the quarry beneath Trier by praying to the Primordial Demoness.</p>
<p>The Sun Derrick took the mirror and saw in its reflection the terrifying scene of a volcanic eruption.</p>
<p>“Ignore any disasters reflected in the mirror,” Lumian cautioned. “If the mirror itself cracks, pray to me or Mr. Fool immediately so we can replace its seal. As for its usage, there are three taboos: First, no male should wield it. Second, the wielder must have godhood. Third, it must not be used for more than three minutes, or if exposed to moonlight, no more than thirty seconds.</p>
<p>“If the wielder experiences Pleasure or Charm cast by it, a new person must take over. Otherwise, the wielder will grow increasingly obsessed with it and try to set it free.”</p>
<p>The Sun Derrick nodded solemnly. “I understand.”</p>
<p>He then asked a question. “But I’m male. Is it safe for me to handle the Calamity of Crimson?”</p>
<p>“For now, yes,” Lumian explained. “It’s still in a Conquered state and won’t ‘acknowledge’ anyone else. After placing the mirror underground, avoid further contact with it.”</p>
<p>The Sun Derrick let out a quiet sigh of relief.</p>
<p>“Alright. I’ll head to the Twin Towers now to lift the Proof of Glory’s suppression. You can retrieve the Gift of the Land yourself.”</p>
<p>After Lumian agreed, the newly ascended Lightseeker turned into sunlight and flew out of the headquarters of the Church of The Fool.</p>
<p>Lumian remained in place, admiring the murals on the walls.</p>
<p>The face of Alista Tudor furrowed slightly, seemingly displeased with the religious undertones—unless, of course, the subject of the murals was Himself.</p>
<p>After some time, Cheek’s face on Lumian’s left shoulder turned, revealing a stunning smile radiating maternal warmth and terrifying allure.</p>
<p>In the next moment, a massive, withered, ash-brown tree trunk appeared before Lumian.</p>
<p>It had been Charmed—enthralled by Cheek’s face, which shared a profound connection with it.</p>
<p>Two crimson flowers on the trunk, serving as its eyes, bloomed fully, radiantly vibrant.</p>
<p>Lumian smiled at the Gift of the Land. “Would you like to reside in my divine kingdom?”</p>
<p>The Gift of the Land moved closer without resistance.</p>
<p>Zedus came forward, embracing the trunk and dragging it back into Lumian’s divine kingdom—the destroyed then reformed special mirror world.</p>
<p>Throughout the process, Zedus handled it roughly, yet the Gift of the Land offered no opposition.</p>
<p><em>The estranged siblings reunite…</em> Lumian chuckled softly and disappeared from the Church of The Fool’s headquarters.</p>
<hr />
<p>In the World of Ruins.</p>
<p>Enormous oak trees stood blanketed in white by a raging blizzard, frozen lifeless. In stark contrast, another oak grove burned fiercely, consumed by invisible, colorless flames. Accompanying the destruction were bird-clawed infants, various animals, and strange familiars, all reduced to ash. Even the ground itself melted away.</p>
<p>At the boundary where blizzard met flames, the clash of cold and heat created a skyward-whirling hurricane and apocalyptic torrential rain.</p>
<p>In the hurricane’s eye, a three-headed, six-armed Lumian wandered with frenzied, mindless eyes.</p>
<p>At the edge of this fog-shrouded region, Franca sat atop a nearly 100-meter-tall gray-white stone pillar, her legs dangling idly.</p>
<p>Having become a Demoness of Catastrophe, she could finally witness Lumian’s bouts of uncontrollable madness firsthand.</p>
<p>This was the twenty-ninth time she had observed it, yet it still left her feeling low and stifled.</p>
<p><em>My potion digested a little more… Franca mused, forcing herself to think of something meaningful to distract from her emotions. Even though I didn’t do anything as all these catastrophes were caused by Lumian…</em></p>
<p><em>Is it because I brought him here?</em></p>
<p><em>As a Demoness of Catastrophe, I am a bringer of calamity. Does it not matter whether the calamities I bring are self-made or external?</em></p>
<p><em>Right… A Demoness of Catastrophe likely serves catastrophe… Since Lumian is the source and embodiment of catastrophes, does serving him equate to fulfilling that role…?</em></p>
<p><em>No wonder my potion is digesting so quickly. At this rate, I’ll fully digest it in another year or two. Too bad we don’t have that much time—the one-month deadline is nearly up…</em></p>
<p>Her thoughts wandered until the blizzard ceased, the formless and colorless flames extinguished, and the hurricane disintegrated outward, bending distant oaks.</p>
<p>Lumian, now his normal human size, approached the base of the stone pillar, his expression weary yet faintly smiling. “Let’s return to the protected zone.”</p>
<p>Franca smiled back and leaped gracefully from the 100-meter-high pillar, landing as lightly as a feather.</p>
<p>At that moment, Lumian’s middle head turned sharply, gazing toward another oak grove untouched by the apocalyptic scene.</p>
<p>Franca immediately sensed the crimson moonlight deepening and brightening.</p>
<p>From the depths of the grove emerged a woman dressed in a finely tailored black corset dress with matching shoulder drape. She wore sheer gloves that hinted at the skin beneath and a tilted, playful hat.</p>
<p>Around her neck hung a diamond necklace set in gold. Her eyebrows were perfectly shaped, and her scarlet eyes shone like miniatures of the crimson moon.</p>
<p>Franca had never seen a woman so beautiful—not even Cheek’s face could compare.</p>
<p>This beauty was pure, sublime, and awe-inspiring, making one want to admire and protect her but not dare to approach or desecrate. In contrast, Cheek’s beauty radiated femininity and allure, stronger in seduction but less divine.</p>
<p>As Franca held her breath, Lumian spoke in a low voice. “Madame Pualis, why have you appeared here?”</p>
<p>Madame Pualis looked just as she had when Lumian first saw her in Cordu Village.</p>
<p><em>Madame Pualis… The one who birthed Omebella?!</em> Franca snapped out of her daze, shaken by this realization.</p>
<p>She lowered her gaze, avoiding direct eye contact, and prepared to assist Lumian with her abilities.</p>
<p>Madame Pualis smiled faintly. “I’ve come to see you both and to bid farewell.</p>
<p>“I thought our last meeting would be the final one, but it seems the Great Mother still needs more time.”</p>
<p>“Farewell?” Lumian raised an eyebrow.</p>
<p>“Yes,” Madame Pualis replied with a gentle smile. “I am returning to the embrace of the Mother.”</p>
<p>“Returning to the embrace of the Mother?” Lumian frowned. “You did all this just for such an ending?”</p>
<p>In the context of the Great Mother, returning to Her embrace was synonymous with death.</p>
<p>Madame Pualis spoke softly, her expression tender.</p>
<p>“It is what I desire. The Mother’s embrace is where we came from and where we are destined to return. There, we find peace, warmth, slumber, and rebirth.</p>
<p>“Life is a journey. I have been, seen, and experienced. Naturally, it’s time to return to the Mother’s embrace and await the next journey.”</p>
<p><em>That sounds utterly sinister…</em> Franca murmured to herself.</p>
<p>Lumian suddenly asked, “Are you currently a Sequence 1 Beauty Goddess of the Moon pathway?”</p>
<p>“Yes, it is a gift from the Great Mother, lent to me temporarily,” Madame Pualis said, her tone full of emotion as she spoke to Lumian and Aurore. “The greatest regret of my journey is missing you both in Cordu Village.</p>
<p>“Goodbye. We will meet again because all life will eventually return to the Mother’s embrace.”</p>
<p>Before her words had fully settled, Cheek’s face on Lumian’s left shoulder suddenly turned, Her expression sweet and smiling.</p>
<p>Charm!</p>
<p>A charm from the Demoness true god!</p>
<p>But Lumian was a moment too slow. Madame Pualis’s figure dissolved into crimson light, merging with the omnipresent moonlight, leaving only a fading image of her waving hand.</p>
<p>“What just happened?” Franca asked warily.</p>
<p>Lumian’s voice was low as he responded with a question,</p>
<p>“A Sequence 1 Beauty Goddess suddenly choosing to return to the Mother’s embrace—what does that signify?”</p>
<p>Franca was suddenly alarmed. “It means the Mother Goddess of Depravity is about to fully merge with the Brood Hive and requires Sequence 1 Beyonder characteristics to support her!”</p>
<p>As she finished speaking, the previously devastated region began to sprout a frenzy of vegetation. The scorched ground gave way to rapidly growing flora, all stretching skyward.</p>
<p>On the western horizon, the crimson moon, blood-red and ominous, began to rise slowly, laboriously revealing its edge.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
