<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1136.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1127-suggestions" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1127: Suggestions</h2>
<p>The next day, in Trier’s Avenue du Boulevard, within a garden apartment not far from the Grand Palace.</p>
<p>Lumian and Franca, under the guidance of The Hermit Cattleya, arrived at a third-floor terrace. There, they saw Queen Mystic Bernadette dressed in hunting attire, holding a watering can, tending to several potted plants placed around her.</p>
<p>“Long time no see,” Queen Mystic said, setting down the watering can and turning to the visitors.</p>
<p>“Long time no see,” Franca replied. In the dream city, she and the Queen had not only collaborated but also chatted a few times. With their shared connection related to transmigrators, Franca felt more respect than fear—perhaps even a sense of closeness.</p>
<p>“I thought you’d be at sea,” she began chatting.</p>
<p>Queen Mystic Bernadette smiled faintly. “Before the apocalypse, I prefer to stay in Trier. Moreover, as a Sage and former princess of Intis, I feel it is my duty to protect the citizens here, prevent various disasters, and maintain stability and order. This environment is particularly conducive to digesting the Sage potion, especially in the first couple of months.”</p>
<p>As she said this, Bernadette glanced at The Hermit Cattleya, seemingly imparting a lesson.</p>
<p>“Ah, that makes sense.” Franca nodded in understanding. “So, are you almost done digesting your Sage potion?”</p>
<p>“Almost,” Bernadette replied succinctly.</p>
<p>She turned to Lumian. “You want me to divine the whereabouts of the Primordial Demoness?”</p>
<p>“Yes, please help us,” Lumian said sincerely.</p>
<p>Queen Mystic Bernadette’s eyes grew deep, like the sea before a storm—boundless and unfocused.</p>
<p>Faint, blurry images flickered across her vision, as if mercury-like rivers emerged and vanished.</p>
<p>Two streaks of crimson tears trickled down Bernadette’s cheeks as her detached, ethereal voice sounded.</p>
<p>“I see the Primordial Demoness smiling, an abyssal mirror world, and a crimson full moon.”</p>
<p><em>Crimson full moon…</em> The phrase sent a shiver down the spines of not only Lumian and Franca but also The Hermit Cattleya.</p>
<p>To Beyonders aware of the protected zones’ truths, the “crimson full moon” was like a trauma etched deep into their consciousness. Its mere mention brought it vividly to mind.</p>
<p>This prophecy differs significantly from Ma’am Hermit’s, even containing contradictions… Clearly, consulting multiple high-level individuals skilled in divination and prophecy would allow me to piece together more useful revelations. It’s like the story Aurore once told about blind men piecing together the image of an elephant—each by touch alone can only describe a part, and the complete truth requires combining their perspectives. Lumian’s central head nodded slightly in acknowledgment.</p>
<p>He began considering the connections between the three prophecies.</p>
<p><em>The Post-Apocalyptic Scripture claims I will encounter Cheek in the World of Ruins. That could be false, but treating it as true and preparing accordingly might make it true. The variable is whether it can influence a true god.</em></p>
<p><em>Ma’am Hermit’s prophecy points to the primeval rainforest of the Southern Continent, aligning with the Post-Apocalyptic Scripture’s basic premise.</em></p>
<p><em>Queen Mystic’s prophecy doesn’t clarify if it’s in the protected zones or the World of Ruins. However, if a crimson full moon rises in the World of Ruins, things will become troublesome—gravely so. At best, it means the Mother Goddess of Depravity has turned Her gaze upon us…</em></p>
<p>Lumian shared the prior prophecies, hoping to see how the former Clairvoyants, now Sages Bernadette and Cattleya, would interpret them.</p>
<p>“Somewhere in the World of Ruins’ mirror world—or perhaps within the special mirror world,” Queen Mystic speculated.</p>
<p>The Hermit Cattleya added, “The features there reflect the primeval rainforest of the Southern Continent.</p>
<p>“The crimson full moon may also be a product of the mirror world’s reflections. For now, its symbolism remains unclear.”</p>
<p>Lumian nodded and said to Franca and Ma’am Hermit, “Mr. Fool has entrusted me with something to discuss with the Queen.”</p>
<p>Though now an Angel, Cattleya didn’t assert, “There’s nothing I can’t hear.” Instead, she led Franca to a small lounge on the first floor to enjoy tea and snacks.</p>
<p>“What does Mr. Fool need?” Queen Mystic Bernadette withdrew her gaze from the terrace’s exit and inquired of Lumian.</p>
<p>She had not foreseen this request but now carried some guesses.</p>
<p>Lumian smiled. “Mr. Fool wants me to relay a message to Genie.”</p>
<p>Bernadette nodded slightly, extended her right hand, and traced numerous starlit words in the air. These words intertwined into strange symbols, opening a “secret door” to an unknown location.</p>
<p>The door swung open swiftly, and a howling gale emerged, coalescing into a figure—a man with his head wrapped in white cloth, his upper body human-shaped, and his lower body composed of flowing air currents.</p>
<p>“Magic Wishing Lamp,” Bernadette addressed in her usual tone.</p>
<p>The man respectfully retrieved an object from within his wrapped layers—a gold, intricately patterned vessel resembling a small lamp.</p>
<p>“0-05—Magic Wishing Lamp.”</p>
<p>Bernadette ran her fingers over the lamp’s golden surface and called its name, “Genie.”</p>
<p>The lamp’s wick ignited with a flash, releasing a thick, golden radiance akin to viscous liquid.</p>
<p>The light hesitated, reluctant and resistant, before forming a hazy, distorted figure with a blue-white interior and a faint golden outer layer.</p>
<p>The resilience of a Great Old Dominator is truly amazing. Even after losing their sefirah, Uniqueness, and Beyonder characteristics, reduced to mere consciousness, spirit, and status, He has recovered enough within a year after suffering severe trauma to respond. Though feeble, He is far from permanently comatose or deeply asleep… Lumian thought wistfully.</p>
<p>Genie surveyed the room, ready to utter some perfunctory remarks before retreating back into the Magic Wishing Lamp, but Lumian interrupted, “If I were you, I’d hear what Mr. Fool has to say. It concerns your future—perhaps even your end.”</p>
<p>Genie’s grand, majestic voice replied, “My future is already determined unless He chooses to break His promises.”</p>
<p>Lumian detected the undeniable frailty in Genie’s voice and smiled.</p>
<p>“Mr. Fool will undoubtedly honor his promise, but that time hasn’t arrived yet, isn’t that so?</p>
<p>“He posed a scenario: what if he perishes before that time comes? In matters of fulfillment, this is considered force majeure. And His ‘successor’ might be someone you wouldn’t want to see—someone for whom breaking promises and deceiving rules is as effortless as breathing.”</p>
<p>Lumian paused briefly before continuing, “Let’s consider another possibility. If the Great Old Ones breach the barrier before we can respond adequately, killing Mr. Fool, Grisha Adam, and other true gods, might one of Them target the Nation of Disorder?</p>
<p>“Although They can no longer accommodate Sefirah Castle or the Chaos Sea, proximity might allow them to accommodate the Nation of Disorder. At that time, what attitude would the successful one adopt toward a weakened you? If They freed you from the Magic Wishing Lamp, would you dare emerge? No, by then, the Magic Wishing Lamp might no longer be capable of protecting you.”</p>
<p>“Eventually, They would pursue the Uncertain Mist, completing the Son of Chaos. Your spirit may indeed persist, but only to wail eternally within Their belly, enduring perpetual torment.”</p>
<p>Genie remained silent.</p>
<p>Lumian smiled and continued, “You know Mr. Fool’s credibility. As long as he lives and the world endures, he will fulfill his promise and return you to the cosmos.”</p>
<p>Seeing Genie about to respond, Lumian added, “No need to argue with me or twist my ideas. I’m merely the messenger for Mr. Fool—not the decision-maker.”</p>
<p>After several seconds of silence, Genie’s majestic voice reverberated. “What does He wish to say?”</p>
<p>Lumian smiled. “Mr. Fool hopes you can offer some advice for the impending apocalypse.</p>
<p>“He knows you’re currently weak and unable to grant wishes or accomplish much, but your status and insight remain.”</p>
<p>Genie gazed at the head on Lumian’s left shoulder for a while, then spoke grandly, “Three hints:</p>
<p>“First, the Circle of Inevitability will bring calamity but is also the universe’s most powerful and genuine Angel of Redemption.”</p>
<p>This seems to suggest utilizing the godhood and symbolism of the Circle of Inevitability? Lumian refrained from questioning further, knowing Genie wouldn’t elaborate.</p>
<p>“Second,” Genie’s voice rumbled solemnly, “your uniqueness and the symbolism of the Lord of Mysteries.”</p>
<p>Lumian watched Genie silently, awaiting further exposition.</p>
<p>“Third, at critical moments, temporarily enhance the Nation of Disorder,” Genie concluded.</p>
<p>Hearing this, Queen Mystic Bernadette frowned ever so slightly.</p>
<p>Genie’s voice carried a trace of amusement. “This advice indeed benefits me to some extent, but you may choose to ignore it.</p>
<p>“Make haste; my elder sister will accommodate the Brood Hive faster than you think.”</p>
<p>With that, the faint golden figure retreated into the Magic Wishing Lamp.</p>
<p>In His weakened state, Genie had no desire to remain exposed for long.</p>
<p>Bernadette mulled over the message briefly before telling Lumian, “I understand Mr. Fool’s intentions now.”</p>
<p>Lumian nodded, smiling as he took his leave.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
