<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1144.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1135-the-path-of-justice" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1135: The Path of Justice</h2>
<p>The moment the Demoness of Crimson saw Klein Moretti emerge from the Blackthorn Security Company, an indescribable, instinctive, and overwhelming terror surged within her.</p>
<p>Her teeth chattered uncontrollably, clacking at a rapid pace.</p>
<p>In her eyes, the Blackthorn Security Company appeared like a deep and dark cathedral, and the opponent from before was its bishop—serving the unknown, the mysterious, the bizarre, and the horrifying.</p>
<p>Now, the greatest horror they served had stepped out.</p>
<p>The Demoness of Crimson let out a sharp, fear-laden scream, her hair rising into the air. It thickened, became slimy, and burst open like a blooming flower, exposing black-and-white eyeballs.</p>
<p>Overwhelmed by extreme terror, she lost control.</p>
<p>And losing control would affect her mirror self and the slumbering mirrors.</p>
<p>In the next second, the movements of the out-of-control Demoness of Crimson became jerky and stiff, as if her joints were filled with glue or entirely rusted.</p>
<p>Her eyes, once brimming with fear and instinctual allure, quickly returned to normal. The transmission of Petrification and Pleasure through her long, thick black hair abruptly ceased.</p>
<p>She became docile. She became a marionette.</p>
<p>The figure of Klein Moretti, summoned by The Star Leonard through dreaming, could only perform one attack. He chose to turn her into a marionette.</p>
<p>Then, he dissipated at the entrance of the Blackthorn Security Company.</p>
<p>The dream shattered.</p>
<p>The Star Leonard opened his eyes to see the marionette of the Demoness of Crimson collapse lifelessly to the ground, devoid of any vitality. She was dead for good, with no chance of resurrection.</p>
<p>With a dull thud, the Pillar of Severity, no longer bound by invisible threads, crashed onto the void-black ground.</p>
<p>This change in the battlefield and The Star Leonard’s performance struck fear into the hearts of the other Demonesses of Unaging.</p>
<p>They were all Sequence 3 Saints equipped with Grade 0 Sealed Artifacts, so how had he dealt with the Demoness of Crimson so swiftly?</p>
<p>Moreover, the Demoness of Crimson was a Demoness of Unaging, notoriously hard to kill and adept at resurrection!</p>
<p>If Leonard took a little more time to seal the Pillar of Severity, the battlefield partitions would be invalidated, and he and the Planeswalker would gain the freedom to join any other battlefield!</p>
<p>The Demoness of Orange felt an increasing sense of urgency.</p>
<p>Before her floated a card inlaid with what seemed to be shattered diamonds, radiating a brilliant light. The card’s face constantly shifted between characters and scenes, producing a variety of effects directed at Mr. Sun and Madam Judgment.</p>
<p>But for now, none of these effects could break through the divine barrier created by the crown of dawn, nor could they allow the Demoness of Orange to bypass it and Blink directly to her targets.</p>
<p>The Demoness of Orange could only hope that the Demoness of Gold, with her Eye of God, would quickly unravel the divine barrier’s mysteries, weaknesses, or flaws and launch a targeted attack.</p>
<p>This urgency wasn’t solely due to how quickly the battlefield of the Demoness of Crimson had been resolved, which filled her with dread about the rapidly shifting tides of battle. It was also because the longer she used Tamara’s Everchanging Card, the more likely one of its negative effects would manifest upon her.</p>
<p>As the characters and scenes on the card’s face shifted continuously, the fixed pattern on Tamara’s Everchanging Card’s back would gradually change, producing various effects that acted upon the cardholder herself.</p>
<p>The Demoness of Orange glanced at the Demoness of Gold from the corner of her eye, noting the beads of sweat on her companion’s forehead, which made the vertical eye on her forehead ornament gleam even more brilliantly.</p>
<p>Clearly, the Eye of God was not easy to use.</p>
<p>Meanwhile, having relied on Madam Judgment’s help to activate the Glory Crown and create the divine barrier, The Sun Derrick finally caught his breath.</p>
<p>Looking at the Demonesses of Gold and Orange beyond the barrier, as well as the other battlefields and the dark, illusory mirror world, he found himself momentarily dazed.</p>
<p>He remembered what Mr. Fool had said to him at the temporary gathering, “Go and pursue your justice…”</p>
<p><em>What is my justice?</em></p>
<p><em>What is the core justice that I am willing to cast everything else aside for?</em></p>
<p>Once again, The Sun Derrick felt the doubts that had plagued him for years.</p>
<p>After leaving the City of Silver and stepping out of the Forsaken Land of the Gods, he had witnessed normal ways of living and been exposed to a greater variety of values:</p>
<p>Good and evil;</p>
<p>Right and wrong;</p>
<p>Wealth and poverty;</p>
<p>Oppression and resistance…</p>
<p>These were all aspects of justice that The Sun Derrick had contemplated and practiced in his daily life.</p>
<p>But he always felt that none of them represented his core principle of justice—something else was more important.</p>
<p>This confusion had prevented The Sun Derrick from summarizing the final acting principle, leaving him unable to completely digest the potion of Justice Mentor.</p>
<p>In a flash of thought, considering the significance and purpose of this operation, scenes suddenly unfolded before Derrick’s eyes:</p>
<p>The crimson moon piercing through barriers, descending to the ground;</p>
<p>The sky becoming perpetually dark, illuminated only by moonlight and starlight;</p>
<p>Humans piling into spheres, floating amidst the murk;</p>
<p>The Forsaken Land of the Gods distinguishing day and night by the frequency of lightning strikes;</p>
<p>The Chief pushing open the door to the Giant King’s Court, letting sunlight pour in…</p>
<p>The Sun Derrick’s body moved, as though transported to the past.</p>
<p>He understood what justice he most wanted to pursue:</p>
<p>It was light, it was the sun—it was the existence and continuation of humanity as a species!</p>
<p>For that, he was willing to abandon everything else!</p>
<p>The Proof of Glory atop Derrick’s head suddenly radiated brilliant light, and the immense power was directed toward the second Saint present, Madam Judgment, Xio Derecha.</p>
<p>The asymmetrical black-and-gold mask on Madam Judgment’s face wriggled again. She withdrew the divine barrier, allowing a silver-white rapier to appear and pierce into the Demoness of Orange’s body.</p>
<p>Magnify!</p>
<p>Using Solomon’s Mask, Madam Judgment amplified the silver-white rapier imbued with power from Mr. Sun.</p>
<p>Inside the Demoness of Orange, the silver-white radiance exploded.</p>
<p>It brimmed with destruction, yet it was also sacred and resplendent.</p>
<p>On another battlefield.</p>
<p>The sacred armor adorning The Hanged Man Alger temporarily suppressed his malicious thoughts, preventing him from succumbing to the corrupted influences of the Demoness of Cyan Yalenna. Her Cull of Spiritual Flesh could not easily bypass the armor’s defenses.</p>
<p>However, the Cull of Spiritual Flesh, combined with a Sword of Destruction, eventually tore through the pure armor formed by divine sunlight, annihilating it completely.</p>
<p>At that moment, a new rule appeared on the brass book in Mr. Hanged Man’s hand. “Normal beings may have one and only one head. All others must die!”</p>
<p>The three-headed black rooster perched on the Demoness of Cyan’s shoulder suddenly trembled, as though sensing its impending doom.</p>
<p><em>Plop, plop!</em> Two heads—one bare and the other with a dark red comb—fell off, their severed necks unnaturally clean, as though sliced by a blade.</p>
<p>Yet no blood spurted from the wounds. Instead, the severed heads fused with flesh and bone, wriggling as they attempted to grow new heads. However, an invisible force suppressed them, preventing success.</p>
<p>With Mr. Hanged Man freed from his dangerous predicament, Franca’s situation shifted as well.</p>
<p>Franca had been biding her time, anticipating the backlash from the Sealed Artifacts used by her three opponents after making the prophecy. Yet, as she observed the Demoness of Silver and the Demoness of Green, she noticed their subtle infatuation with her intentional display of charm.</p>
<p><em>Wh—</em> Franca realized a possibility.</p>
<p>The original Demonesses of Silver and Green might have died after the crimson moon’s descent. The current ones were newly advanced Demonesses of Unaging.</p>
<p>Since the digestion of the Unaging potion usually took a century, these newly advanced might still be in an emotionally and lustfully unstable state for several years—perhaps even a decade or more—making them vulnerable to the allure of Demonesses of the same tier.</p>
<p>And it had been less than a year since the crimson moon’s descent!</p>
<p>Realizing this, Franca deliberately gave the Demonesses of Silver and Green a seductive smile.</p>
<p>Full Charm!</p>
<p>Even if her guess was wrong, Franca figured using Charm wasn’t a poor choice. There was little to lose in trying.</p>
<p>The Demonesses of Silver and Cyan’s gazes turned enamored, longing to kneel before Franca’s boots. The Demoness of Brown was similarly affected, but thoughts of her current lover helped her break free from the horrifying allure.</p>
<p>Beyond all the battlefields, on the dark periphery of this region.</p>
<p>A figure lay in wait.</p>
<p>He had white hair and wore a black robe. His eyes were deep and lightless, marking Him unmistakably as Miracle Invoker Zaratul.</p>
<p>Zaratul had followed the orders of the Great Mother and arrived long ago, yet He hadn’t joined the battle immediately. Instead, He remained hidden, patiently waiting for the right moment—the opportunity to convert everyone into marionettes and claim a bounty of Grade 0 Sealed Artifacts.</p>
<p>That moment had come.</p>
<p>In the nearby shadows, Zaratul’s current marionettes were ready, each capable of using His abilities to create more marionettes.</p>
<p>Suddenly, Zaratul felt an intense sense of danger.</p>
<p>It was as if something was burrowing into His body.</p>
<p>He quickly attempted to switch places with one of his marionettes.</p>
<p>It was futile. Not only were all His marionettes similarly infiltrated by something, but His attempt to exchange places had inexplicably failed—as though the very thought had been stolen from Him.</p>
<p>A figure appeared before Zaratul, wearing a pointed soft hat and a monocle.</p>
<p>Amon!</p>
<p>Amon’s monocle reflected a glimmer of light. With a smile, He addressed Zaratul, “I’m a bit late. But I felt there was still enough time, so I waited outside for any potential dessert to arrive.”</p>
<p>“Quite the coincidence…”</p>
<p>As He spoke, Amon lifted His head to gaze upward and added with a smile,</p>
<p>“I know this body of yours is merely a historical projection. But for the Error pathway, if a historical projection is Parasitized, doesn’t that mean the original was also Parasitized? If your past self is Parasitized, how could your present self possibly avoid it? It’s inevitable!”</p>
<p>A flicker of desperation flashed in Zaratul’s eyes, yet the arrangements beyond His historical projection needed time.</p>
<p>Just a second or two later, His pupils seemed to dilate, carrying a hint of relief. Then, He smiled.</p>
<p>He accepted the monocle Amon offered and placed it on His right eye.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
