<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1110.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1102-valley-god" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1102: Valley God</h2>
<p>The moment the Mother card was taken out, it seemed to sense something and its surface emanated a crimson glow even before being activated by an incantation.</p>
<p>It immediately transformed into an invisible vortex, frantically absorbing its holder’s spirit and spirituality.</p>
<p>Then, it became heavy, turning into a miniature book.</p>
<p>The book’s pages fluttered in the wind, revealing its first page.</p>
<p>On it was depicted Emperor Roselle dressed as a farmer, leaning on a hoe and gazing at rain clouds in the sky, with lines of ancient Feysac text written beside it: “Sequence 9, Planter…”</p>
<p>Immediately after, the book rapidly flipped backward, from “Sequence 8, Doctor” all the way to “Sequence 1, Naturewalker.”</p>
<p>After Naturewalker was a female version of Emperor Roselle wearing a loose long dress, holding an infant, with two children standing beside him.</p>
<p>This page’s title was: “Sequence 0, Mother”!</p>
<p>Almost simultaneously, crimson moonlight began shining from the infant in female Roselle’s arms.</p>
<p>This grew increasingly bright, making the infant gradually appear like a full moon, reflecting and complementing the real crimson moon hanging low in the sky, seemingly suspended above the cathedral bell tower.</p>
<p>Within the miniature crimson moon, several lines of ancient Feysac text that hadn’t existed before appeared: “Sequence 1, Valley God (or Tree God).”</p>
<p>Below this brand new Sequence 1 title, there were two descriptions, one on the left and one on the right:</p>
<p>“The Valley God is the root of heaven and earth.”</p>
<p>“The Tree God, supporting heaven and connecting earth, propagates endlessly.”</p>
<p>The crimson-eyed man holding this Mother card had just begun to smile when his expression suddenly froze.</p>
<p>He looked down to find that brownish, slightly withered tree roots had extended from the back of the Card of Blasphemy. These roots had pierced into his body, growing and spreading numerous root systems, frantically draining his life force.</p>
<p>The crimson-eyed man was stunned for a second before relaxing his expression.</p>
<p>He already understood what was happening.</p>
<p>But it didn’t matter—all things would eventually return to the land, return to the mother’s embrace!</p>
<p><em>It’s just a bit early for me, but I will experience the warmth and security of mother’s embrace sooner.</em></p>
<p>His full face began to cave in, his smooth skin gradually withering.</p>
<p>At the bottom of the spire within the twin towers at the core of New City of Silver.</p>
<p>The enormous seven or eight meter high trunk “sleeping” in the morning light, planted in a pile of brownish soil, suddenly trembled slightly.</p>
<p>Its grayish-brown wood quickly exuded moisture, and large amounts of previously peeled and missing bark visibly grew back.</p>
<p>The surrounding morning light suddenly surged into its body, cutting through its “flesh” while witnessing its rebirth.</p>
<p>Its withered feeling gradually disappeared as it slowly became full and robust.</p>
<p>Suddenly, it broke free from the restraint of the brownish soil pile and vanished from the bottom of the round tower.</p>
<p>In the cathedral of the Church of The Fool’s headquarters.</p>
<p>Warned by Jenna, Lumian redirected his gaze to the mirrors floating before him and to the brownish-green Tree of Shadow that was breaking through the ground and growing upward.</p>
<p>Anthony understood that Lumian had realized New City of Silver wasn’t entirely safe either—it contained the remains of the City of Silver residents’ former “mother,” Giant Queen Omebella, and calamity needed to stay away from the mother.</p>
<p>This would make normal people want to quickly retreat, but for High-Sequence Hunters, constantly running away wasn’t a choice that aligned with their godhood: Having fled Trier, should they now flee New City of Silver too?</p>
<p>Should they keep running forever?</p>
<p>Anthony believed this would spark intense fighting spirit in Lumian. If his humanity wasn’t abundant enough and his control over his mental state and emotions wasn’t strong enough, he would choose to return to Trier to directly confront the Tree of Shadow and thwart the evil god cults’ conspiracy.</p>
<p>Before Anthony could offer advice or use Placate, Lumian forcefully withdrew his gaze and made the floating mirrors return to the Traveler’s Bag.</p>
<p>He said gravely to his team members, “Now we’ll move to the Cathedral of Serenity.”</p>
<p>The Cathedral of Serenity was the Church of the Evernight Goddess’s headquarters and Holy Cathedral.</p>
<p>As he spoke, Lumian activated the black mark on his right shoulder, using Teleport again.</p>
<p>Just as the spirit world with its layered colors and numerous strange creatures appeared before them, everything suddenly spun and they plummeted downward.</p>
<p>Before Lumian could react, his feet had already landed on solid ground.</p>
<p>They arrived in an endless wilderness overgrown with weeds, with an oak tree of indescribable size growing in its depths.</p>
<p>It was green, its roots deeply embedded in the earth, its crown penetrating the clouds as if supporting the sky, holding up a crimson full moon.</p>
<p>It was like a pillar reaching to heaven, supporting the entire world, allowing this wilderness to exist.</p>
<p>The mottled bark of this sky-supporting oak bore scorch marks from lightning strikes, but beneath the charred areas lay signs of life.</p>
<p>Higher up, the oak had more new branches, many entwined with lush, vibrant mistletoe.</p>
<p>At this moment, in the middle of this giant oak that supported the sky and anchored the earth, large amounts of mottled bark bulged out, outlining a huge, gentle, feminine face, with two giant crimson flowers serving as its eyes.</p>
<p><em>“Mother…</em></p>
<p><em>“Omebella…”</em></p>
<p>In Lumian’s mind, these two terms naturally flashed through.</p>
<p>He instinctively tried to activate the black mark on his right shoulder again, but he could not sense the spirit world beyond this wilderness, nor could he sense the areas he originally had positions for.</p>
<p>Paramita!</p>
<p>At the same time, Lumian remembered something else:</p>
<p>His Teleport ability came from Zedus!</p>
<p>And Zedus was one of the Great Mother’s twins, Omebella’s younger brother, whose power presumably came from a boon, and currently possessed no Beyonder characteristics.</p>
<p>Even if such an Angel was conquered by 0-01, there should still be a trace of the Great Mother’s spirit hidden within His power.</p>
<p>This was what the Great Mother excelled at!</p>
<p><em>So, at the crucial moment, she sacrificed this bit of spirit to interfere with my Teleport, making me ‘voluntarily’ enter the Paramita created by the Gift of the Land? And Gift of the Land somehow became activated and received strange enhancements…</em> This thought flashed quickly through Lumian’s mind.</p>
<p>Franca’s lake-blue eyes had already become profound, seemingly concealing layers upon layers of darkness.</p>
<hr />
<p>In the green fields dotted with scarecrows.</p>
<p>Madam Magician, wearing a white nightgown, opened a door forged from brilliant starlight and entered this dream.</p>
<p>She only looked around once before making a guess about the dream’s weaver.</p>
<p>“Edefana?”</p>
<p>This was an ancient mind dragon, an Angel-level Discerner.</p>
<p>Excluding those who were transformed from humans, He was one of only three ancient dragons currently remaining.</p>
<p>“What’s happening in the outside world?” Madam Justice Audrey asked instead of answering.</p>
<p>As a Dreamweaver, she had tried to leave this dream but failed.</p>
<p>Madam Magician answered truthfully, “The Tree of Shadow in Trier is causing trouble again, supposedly receiving help from the Great Mother’s subordinates. However, don’t worry, Mr. Fool has already descended there.”</p>
<p>Madam Justice showed a puzzled expression. “So, Edefana took this opportunity to find me?</p>
<p>“How did He know Mr. Fool would descend to Trier?”</p>
<p>Madam Magician paused briefly before saying, “Drawing me here to help must have also been part of His plan…</p>
<p>“So you had enough time to pray to Mr. Fool and speak my name, avoiding an ambush.”</p>
<p>Just as the Planeswalker finished speaking, the dream’s sky was suddenly covered by a shadow.</p>
<p>That shadow was a grayish-white dragon, circling in flight, with a lizard-like face showing obvious signs of age.</p>
<hr />
<p>In Trier, Mr. Fool, wearing a medium-height silk top hat and black coat, was unaffected by the ground and tree branches as he passed through layers of void, landing before the brownish-green Tree of Shadow’s trunk.</p>
<p>He thrust his star-dust inlaid cane forward, watching the thick, solid bark collapse and destroy itself in large amounts.</p>
<p>Each piece of bark, each branch, each leaf suddenly became ethereal, revealing scenes of Trier’s citizens displaying various desires over the past one or two thousand years.</p>
<p>Some were normal, others indulgent, showing affairs at luxurious parties, warmth of tight embraces in cold small rooms, wasteful tables of abandoned food, and miserly parents reluctant to feed their children enough…</p>
<p>They interwove layer upon layer, cascading down as weighty history, a tome of desires, something that couldn’t be completely destroyed by normal attacks, requiring peeling away layer by layer.</p>
<p>Mr. Fool withdrew his star-dust inlaid cane.</p>
<p>Grayish-white fog emerged accordingly, enveloping the Tree of Shadow’s main trunk.</p>
<p>Fog of History!</p>
<hr />
<p>In Fourth Epoch Trier.</p>
<p>Just as Angoulême and other Unshadowed were about to raise The Fourth Sun higher to eliminate the Montsouris ghosts who kept throwing themselves into the invisible, colorless flames, they suddenly heard a cry.</p>
<p>It was the cry of infants, countless infants crying.</p>
<p>Jack Walton and others immediately looked toward the entrance of the street, seeing a figure staggering toward them.</p>
<p>The figure had chestnut-colored long hair and azure eyes, deliberately dressed as Emperor Roselle.</p>
<p>His body was already swollen, with bird-clawed infants tearing through flesh and skin to emerge from his ribs, abdomen, chest, thighs, and arms, crying loudly in search of nursing.</p>
<hr />
<p>In Paramita.</p>
<p>Lumian’s voice echoed in Franca and the others’ minds: <em>“Don’t enter the mirror world for now.”</em></p>
<p>The mirror world was connected to the special mirror world!</p>
<p>In the current chaotic situation, who knows what people might be lying in ambush in the mirror world, waiting to drag them into the special mirror world!</p>
<p>Since they had already encountered Mother, they shouldn’t fall into the special mirror world trap as well.</p>
<p>Lumian slightly bent down, looking at the giant sky-supporting oak tree, and said with a smile in the team’s minds: <em>“Since we couldn’t escape, then… let’s fight!”</em></p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
