<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1181.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1172-giving-you-a-chance" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1172: Giving You a Chance</h2>
<p>Supernova Dominator, having had His tributary of fate severed, now existed without a future, isolated from reality and unable to sense the spirit world or astral world.</p>
<p>For those not Above the Sequences, this would mean watching helplessly as death and an end approached, with no way to reverse fate. Even most Great Old Dominators would lose Their powers and authorities in such a state, unable to wield many of Their symbolisms. At that moment, a decisive attack from Their enemies could prove fatal.</p>
<p>The final judgment of fate could not directly kill a Great Old Dominator but could temporarily strip Them of most of Their symbolisms, reducing Them to a weakened state, rejected by fate itself—a miserable wretch with no future or dreams.</p>
<p>At this moment, Supernova Dominator wasn’t concerned about the Goddess of Fate landing another blow. What He feared was the Lord of Mysteries seizing this opportunity to render His existence worse than death.</p>
<p>As a Great Old Dominator, while He leaned more toward reality than mystery, He was not entirely without means to escape His predicament.</p>
<p>Supernova Dominator quickly caused the myriad explosive suns comprising His body to eject countless particles. Using His symbolism as the Controller of Fundamental Forces—untouched and unremovable—He caused those particles to draw closer, triggering repeated nuclear fusions, transforming into various elements, and creating true matter.</p>
<p>This matter began forming their own fates, weaving together and attempting to break through the isolation, seeking to rejoin the vast, illusory mercury-colored River of Fate.</p>
<p>This would allow Supernova Dominator to find reality and return to the River of Fate.</p>
<p>Within the intricate mercury-colored River of Fate connected from head to tail, the consciousness and spirit of the Goddess of Fate swiftly coalesced, unstoppable and irreversible.</p>
<hr />
<p>Meanwhile, in the other star dominion.</p>
<p>Primordial Hunger had consumed a sliver of chaos, devouring some of The Hanged Man’s abilities. Grisha Adam, with a stoic expression, calmly placated, guided, and managed the situation, showing no sign of failure.</p>
<p>To Him, the greater threat than Primordial Hunger was the increasingly revived consciousness of the Primordial God Almighty.</p>
<p>The golden giant Buddha sat cross-legged in the boundless void, His eyes tightly shut, motionless. The two golden hands extending from the fissures in His body hung limply, as it had fallen into slumber.</p>
<p>At this moment, He was entirely incapable of resistance, relying solely on the blessing of passive good fortune.</p>
<p>This growing vulnerability made the greed and convergence instinct within the Circle of Inevitability’s godhood surge uncontrollably. It was as though a miser had spotted a long-coveted treasure suddenly left unguarded, with the added assurance of impunity upon taking it.</p>
<p>Eternal Darkness Amanises noticed that the Circle of Inevitability was increasingly fixated on the golden Buddha. She deliberately shifted Her focus to the Monarch of Decay, creating distance from the Key of Light and the other sefirot.</p>
<p>A few seconds later, the Circle of Inevitability could no longer resist His godhood’s instinct to converge. His three bodies worked together, setting up several Loop triggers on the battlefield before turning toward the Key of Light. Using the Law of Beyonder Characteristics Convergence, He flung Himself toward the golden Buddha, causing the Buddha to be drawn toward Him in turn.</p>
<p>Suddenly, a straight, illusory dark river flowed forth from the cosmos, heralding the stillness of fate and the proclamation of death.</p>
<p>This was a river that did not Loop. It always moved forward.</p>
<p>Even death itself would dissipate within its currents.</p>
<p>River of Eternal Darkness!</p>
<p>Amanises, though She was truly Above the Sequences, was burdened by the lingering consciousness and spiritual residues of many Dao integrators of the Haoli lineage. Her condition was less than ideal and required time to adapt and purge the negative influences. Thus, except for Her emergence as a Great Old One to fend off the Outer Deities, She had refrained from utilizing Her concentrated symbolism of the River of Eternal Darkness.</p>
<p>But now, understanding the urgency of the moment, She set aside all other concerns, using this river to forcibly break the remaining Loops, prevent the Circle of Inevitability from accommodating the Key of Light, and keep Him occupied, creating a one-on-one opportunity for Lumian against the Monarch of Decay.</p>
<p>The colorless, illusory river submerged all Loop nodes, causing them to instantaneously perish and vanish without taking effect.</p>
<p>The River of Eternal Darkness placed itself between the Circle of Inevitability and the golden Buddha, transforming into denser darkness that enveloped the area, forcing all three bodies of the Circle of Inevitability to close their eyes.</p>
<p>Symbolism of Darkness, compelling thought to silence and inducing slumber!</p>
<p>The body of redemptive light on the Circle of Inevitability’s right side also closed its eyes and fell into a state of sleep. Yet, before Him appeared countless tributaries of fate, each representing the same possibility: that the Circle of Inevitability would soon awaken.</p>
<p>Symbolisms of Future and Destined!</p>
<p>The Circle of Inevitability had anticipated His current predicament and prepared in advance, setting the future in motion.</p>
<p>This foresight stemmed not only from insights drawn from the River of Fate but also from His clear understanding that the Key of Light, as the embodiment of fate, would inevitably have absolute good fortune at critical moments, disrupting any attempts to accommodate Him.</p>
<p>This was why He had not fixed the tributary of fate representing His successful accommodation of the Key of Light—it was simply unfixable!</p>
<p>Maintaining the dense darkness, Amanises extended two hands. Before the destined fate could manifest, She plunged an orange-red twilight greatsword into the darkness’s edge and into the void.</p>
<p>The dense darkness contracted. The flow of time slowed, converging toward a single point.</p>
<p>The fate of the Circle of Inevitability’s destined awakening remained unchanged but was now delayed, pushed several seconds into the future!</p>
<p>Symbolism of Space-Time-in-One!</p>
<p>Though incomplete, it proved sufficient.</p>
<p>After restraining the Circle of Inevitability, Amanises glanced at the golden Buddha.</p>
<p>Even She couldn’t help but marvel at His fortune.</p>
<p>Despite having been schemed against and facing grave issues that forced Him into slumber, He had unwittingly drawn the Circle of Inevitability’s attention, granting Lumian the opportunity for a one-on-one confrontation with the Monarch of Decay.</p>
<p>Though it might only last a few seconds, it was still an opportunity.</p>
<p>As the essence of war, Lumian naturally wouldn’t let the opportunity slip. He unfolded the mirror world originating from the City of Calamity, forcibly dragging the Monarch of Decay into it.</p>
<p>Within this realm lay an endless starry sky.</p>
<p>Immediately, massive stars erupted around the Monarch of Decay, ejecting vast quantities of matter, creating a sea of destructive burning light and expanding explosions.</p>
<p>Above and below the Monarch of Decay, two black holes revealed themselves through accretion disks, tugging at His body in opposing directions and causing the distant mirror world’s barriers to fracture piece by piece as if seeking to escape.</p>
<p>Calamity of Destruction!</p>
<p>Time around the Monarch of Decay grew increasingly sluggish. The intense sea of light dimmed rapidly before even nearing Him, decaying with astonishing speed, rendering it less terrifying. The two black holes began evaporating at an unimaginable pace, shrinking steadily.</p>
<p>Suddenly, a radiant starlight door manifested amidst the slowed time behind the Monarch of Decay. Three-headed, three-bodied, six-armed Lumian stepped out, opening the door and wielding a black flame greatsword bound with destruction and chaos.</p>
<p>He had used the last charge of his Door pathway contract ability.</p>
<p>Immediately, he felt his body decaying and rotting, his internal balance accelerating toward collapse.</p>
<p>The Monarch of Decay remained expressionless, as if such things were already dead and decayed.</p>
<p>As a Great Old Dominator, His golden mummy-like form was free from the limitations of a human structure. He welcomed the Origins of Disaster stepping into a region dominated by slow time and the strongest symbolism of decay.</p>
<p>He extended His rotting, pus-seeping left palm toward Lumian, His head having rotated 180 degrees at some point, gazing upon His sluggish-moving target.</p>
<p>Sure hit, certain death!</p>
<p>Lumian first used the symbolism of Calamity of Destruction to interfere with the Monarch of Decay before opening the Door—not to confuse the enemy but to buy time for one action.</p>
<p>He had transmitted his intent to all his followers: “Call my name!”</p>
<p>On the peripheral planet of the universe, Lugano, Leon, and other Sick Church believers heard the resounding command echo in their ears. They bowed their heads devoutly, repeatedly chanting, “Great Malady God!”</p>
<p>“Great Malady God!”</p>
<hr />
<p>Amid the prayers, the face of chaos on Lumian’s left head turned toward the Monarch of Decay.</p>
<p>He seemed barely affected by the slowed time, pulling both time and space into Himself.</p>
<p>At this moment, the previous and current Malady Gods finally met.</p>
<p>Lumian did not hope that this meager symbolism would equate this Malady God with that one, making his injuries synonymous with those of the Monarch of Decay. The mystical connections between the two remained too weak, and the necessary symbols insufficient.</p>
<p>The connection between the Uncertain Mist and the Mother Tree of Desire had been exploitable for mutual destruction because Genie and the Tenebrous World had once been one. Moreover, Emperor Roselle and the Chained provided an ideal intermediary linking both sides. Lumian could only become the Mother Goddess of Depravity because She had permitted it, creating those links and ultimately providing the critical correspondences.</p>
<p>Currently, none of these conditions were met.</p>
<p>Lumian’s purpose in enhancing the symbolism of the Malady God was not to rely on mystical similarity to wound the Monarch of Decay but to offer Him an opportunity.</p>
<p>For great existences, anyone who invoked Their former names and stole Their followers would establish a mystical connection with Them, allowing Them to curse, doom, or even kill the offender—or seize their body. If not for the astral barrier and Mr. Fool’s protection, Lumian would have long since perished or become the Monarch of Decay.</p>
<p>Now, Lumian deliberately amplified the symbolism of the Malady God to give the Monarch of Decay a chance to possess his body!</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
