<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1111.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1103-true-plan" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1103: True Plan</h2>
<p>Accompanying Lumian’s words, Franca, Jenna, Anthony, and Ludwig simultaneously raised both arms.</p>
<p>The numerous white clouds surrounding the giant oak tree’s crown suddenly turned gloomy, appearing even more substantial.</p>
<p>Countless silver-white electric serpents began leaping between the layered dark clouds, intertwining as if trying to form a single entity.</p>
<p>At this moment, Lumian suddenly clenched his fist.</p>
<p>A massive silver-white lightning bolt, illuminating the entire Paramita, rapidly descended, striking the giant oak tree transformed from Omebella’s remnants.</p>
<p>Lumian was recalling the effect of shouting the incantation “Leodero” when facing a similar oak tree embodying Madame Pualis in the dream city, and decided to imitate and recreate it.</p>
<p>At this time, the crimson moon had pressed against the invisible barrier, and Lord of Storms Leodero certainly couldn’t spare the effort to bring down divine punishment, so he could only create this through a Weather Warlock’s Beyonder powers.</p>
<p>Moreover, Lumian was not the only one “controlling the weather”—he had also made Franca and the other team members do similar things simultaneously.</p>
<p>Rather than concentrating everyone’s power on himself to enhance the thunderstorm’s might, allowing each person to “control the weather” and then stack these efforts together would not only prevent weakening the effect but might also potentially trigger chain reactions or chaotic changes, making the thunderstorm more pronounced and exaggerated.</p>
<p>This was the nature of weather—even a butterfly’s wing flap could progressively evolve into a hurricane, let alone five people simultaneously manipulating and creating a thunderstorm.</p>
<p>When the massive lightning that illuminated the entire Paramita fell, the female face on the giant oak tree’s surface had already opened its mouth.</p>
<p>The raging wind brought by the thunderstorm was instantly sucked inside, and the high-altitude dark clouds converged toward the massive mouth in a funnel shape.</p>
<p>The silver-white lightning, resembling a divine tree, naturally decomposed, with most of it being swallowed by the female face on the tree’s surface, and a small portion striking the tree’s crown, bark, and branches.</p>
<p>Some bark instantly turned charcoal-black and peeled downward, with branches breaking and catching fire.</p>
<p>At these wounded spots, the tree’s heart writhed and grew, ready to regenerate.</p>
<p>Simultaneously, all grass in Paramita withered at once, the ground cracking inch by inch, as if losing all moisture or having life rapidly drain away.</p>
<p>Lumian and the others were no exception.</p>
<p>They also saw that around the giant oak tree, some soil swelled and rolled, forming over a dozen yellow-brown humanoid puppets, all massive in size, swaying and about to take their first steps.</p>
<p>Ludwig opened his mouth and suddenly swallowed the toxic gas that had been diffusing in the surrounding air at some unknown time.</p>
<p>Immediately afterward, every member of their team transformed into fire balls of blue-purple hue, roaring as they rushed toward the giant oak tree.</p>
<p><em>Rumble!</em></p>
<p>Thunder finally sounded in the high sky.</p>
<p>Violet-tinted blue flames rapidly spread, turning everywhere Lumian and his companions passed into a flame hell.</p>
<p>Those dozen yellow-brown puppets didn’t even have time to make any movement before being roasted crisp by the approaching high temperature, completely collapsing when the blue-violet fireball arrived.</p>
<p>Just as Lumian’s group, transformed into a fireball, was about to strike the giant oak tree, that sky-supporting behemoth suddenly disappeared.</p>
<p>In the blink of an eye, at another location in Paramita, the ground swelled high, soil splashing, and a green giant oak tree grew out again.</p>
<p>Lumian and his team failed to hit their target, allowing them to re-materialize their forms.</p>
<p>Around them, cracked soil erupted with brown tree roots that shot out from all directions, covering the sky and earth.</p>
<p>Lumian’s spiritual intuition told him that being struck by these roots would likely mean death, or worse, losing control.</p>
<p>Death wasn’t terrifying—each team member had a Mirror Substitution—but losing control was something even a Demoness of Unaging couldn’t resist!</p>
<p>Dense fog suddenly surged in the area, enveloping Lumian’s group and dozens of kilometers of wilderness.</p>
<p>The brown tree roots emerging from the ground were also shrouded by the Fog of War, losing their target, unable to find a trace, stupidly freezing in midair.</p>
<p>Near the sky-supporting giant oak tree, Lumian’s team’s figures suddenly outlined.</p>
<p>They surrounded the massive entity from different directions, each holding a black flame sword that restrained destruction and violence.</p>
<p>Immediately after, they successively struck with the Swords of Destruction.</p>
<p>This wasn’t about being unable to move in unison, but about attacking in waves, maintaining reserves, leaving room to respond to potential enemy surprises.</p>
<p>Silently, the giant oak tree was covered in vibrant green radiance.</p>
<p>Then, it transformed into light and drilled into the ground, instantly vanishing, even preventing Jenna from adjusting the direction of the Sword of Destruction she had deliberately delayed.</p>
<p>Those black flame swords restraining madness fell on the flat, unbroken ground, burning a deep pit, cutting down and burning the remaining brown tree roots to ash.</p>
<p><em>“Escaping through the earth?”</em> Franca hissed in the mental channel, <em>“This is too hard to fight!”</em></p>
<p>More importantly, their life force was rapidly depleting, unable to sustain such a battle for long.</p>
<p>Lumian calmly responded, <em>“Proceed as planned.”</em></p>
<p>This was also a reminder to Jenna, Anthony, and Ludwig.</p>
<p>As they communicated mentally, dense Fog of War again spread out, making any subsequent attacks unable to lock onto a target.</p>
<p>Thus, Lumian’s team fought intensely against the constantly relocating giant oak tree, relying on abilities like Fog of War, collective Teleportation, Weakness Investigation, Sword of Destruction, thunderstorm weather, arrival of winter, Mirror Substitution, and Demoness curses.</p>
<p>After a while, Lumian suddenly said in every team member’s mind: <em>Here’s the chance!</em></p>
<p>They Blinked again to the giant oak tree’s surroundings. Lumian’s azure eyes turned iron-black, revealing the target’s pale areas.</p>
<p>Franca let gray-white colors surge forth, rushing to the oak tree’s base, attempting to Petrify the soil and bring it under her control, preventing the enemy from quickly moving via the ground.</p>
<p>Facing the sky-supporting behemoth, Jenna smiled and fully displayed the Charm Lumian had shared.</p>
<p>She wanted to make the giant oak tree briefly lose consciousness and fail to dodge in time.</p>
<p>On another side, Anthony quietly approached in a Psychological Invisibility state, condensing a black flame sword, and struck the target’s weakness as Lumian suggested.</p>
<p>Ludwig, small in stature, raised a Sword of Destruction much larger than himself, attacking from the front to draw the enemy’s attention.</p>
<p>Suddenly, the giant oak tree’s branches and leaves swayed, and a wet, bumpy protrusion emerged from its trunk.</p>
<p>The bump quickly split open, birthing a “child”.</p>
<p>This “child” was composed of countless intertwined silver-white electric snakes, the lightning previously swallowed, now “reborn”.</p>
<p><em>Crack!</em></p>
<p>The “child” instantly disintegrated, terrifying, bright lightning sweeping the surroundings.</p>
<p>Anthony’s body instantly shattered, and Ludwig, Franca, and Jenna also broke into numerous mirror fragments.</p>
<p>Lumian’s figure didn’t break, only fading.</p>
<p>He was just a Mirror Projection from Franca’s lake-blue eyes!</p>
<p>Lumian’s true body appeared seven or eight kilometers away, holding a Sword of Destruction with contained, unreleased power.</p>
<p>The black flame sword instantly struck the edge of Paramita.</p>
<p>A nauseating sharp crack sound emerged, instantly slicing a deep, twisted, hideous fissure. Beyond the crack, pure color blocks layered, and various spirit realm creatures had long since fled.</p>
<p>Using the Sword of Destruction, Lumian forcibly carved a path to the outside world from Paramita!</p>
<p>From the beginning, he never intended to entangle too long with the giant oak tree, suspected to be an activated relic of Omebella. His real plan was: if they couldn’t quickly resolve the target, force it near Paramita’s edge, then use their intense battle to hide their true purpose, approach the realm’s edge, attack with five people to distract it, allowing his true body to seize the opportunity and use the Sword of Destruction’s special power to tear through the barrier and escape!</p>
<p>A Hunter was brave, not foolish. Why persist in fighting on the enemy’s predetermined battlefield, contrary to Mr. Fool’s revelation?</p>
<p>The initial battle was for this retreat!</p>
<p><em>“Go!”</em> When Lumian’s voice rang in Jenna and the others’ minds, he had already activated the black mark on his right shoulder, bringing all team members through that terrifying crack, successfully escaping Paramita.</p>
<p>This time, he didn’t plan to rely on the contract ability Teleportation, only using it to sense multiple spirit world coordinates and complete positioning.</p>
<p>With positioning, Angels could directly traverse the spirit world!</p>
<p>In the deep, dark special mirror world.</p>
<p>Zaratul, wearing a black robe, with white hair and eyes of unpierced black darkness, leaned to one side, quietly waiting.</p>
<p>Suddenly, He stood up and said solemnly, “My wish is:</p>
<p>“To make Lumian and the others enter the mirror world.”</p>
<p>He immediately fulfilled His own wish.</p>
<p>In Lumian and Franca’s eyes, the spirit world, originally composed of dense, pure color blocks, suddenly became dark and profound. A massive suction force rose from below, involuntarily dragging them down into a bottomless depth.</p>
<p>In Paramita, that giant oak tree stopped relocating, gradually withering and shrinking back to a seven or eight-meter trunk.</p>
<p>In a hotel room in the New City of Silver.</p>
<p>Reinette Tinekerr, carrying four blonde, red-eyed heads and wearing a dark, complex black dress, emerged from the spirit world.</p>
<p>Her eight eyes simultaneously looked at the ground, seeing the Mother card.</p>
<p>This Card of Blasphemy was stained with a faint trace of blood.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
