<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1178.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1169-assistance" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1169: Assistance</h2>
<p>Amon’s monocle radiated a dazzling light.</p>
<p>He vanished from behind the enormous cross within the Chaos Sea, wandering the astral world to roam into the deep black void just two lunar distances away from the Tenebrous World.</p>
<p>At that moment, the golden Buddha had also been caught in the indiscriminate explosion of desires triggered by Farbauti and the Master of the Shadow Cottage. However, fortune was on His side; the desire occupying His thoughts was primarily one of “universal salvation and relief from suffering.” As a result, He only froze momentarily before becoming even more fervent in His participation in the battle. In His hands, He conjured a massive tricolor wheel of mercury, lapis lazuli, and deep black, inscribed with complex patterns and symbols.</p>
<p>Amidst the grand sermon-like chanting, a nearly formless River of Fate emerged, drawn into the enormous divine wheel, which began to turn toward a particular symbol.</p>
<p>This River of Fate belonged to Inextinguishable Ravings!</p>
<p>Under its influence, Inextinguishable Ravings, who had been cursed to have a rabbit’s consciousness and spirit, could not free Himself from the pitch-black fiend, found Himself unable to escape. It was as though destiny itself had entangled Him there, forcing Him to endure even fiercer curse damage as blood-colored flames ignited Him.</p>
<p>Even for these great existences, fate retained its mysterious power!</p>
<p>This caused all sentient beings in the current star dominion to experience chaotic consciousness and disoriented spirits. The disturbance gradually spread outward to other star dominions, weakening as it extended until it eventually dissipated.</p>
<p>Inextinguishable Ravings, the symbol of consciousness and spirit!</p>
<p>Meanwhile, on the other side, the High-Dimensional Overseer in a higher dimension, along with the Celestial Master and the Celestial Thearch’s projection trapped within the dimensional painting, were not fully consumed by the explosion of desires. They only entered a brief state of stagnation.</p>
<p>Amon raised both hands, bringing forth a tiny illusory figure wrapped in layers of bandages, thorns, and roses, allowing it to float before Him.</p>
<p>The Chained Uniqueness.</p>
<p>Gazing at the Uniqueness, Amon keenly sensed its profound mystical connection with the Tenebrous World and the Mother Tree of Desire. He prepared to use the authority of the Error pathway to elevate this connection into one akin to that between an avatar and its true body, or oneself and oneself—allowing the damage and consequences to be transmitted to the Mother Tree of Desire.</p>
<p>Amon tilted His head and glanced toward the direction of the Chaos Sea. Clicking His tongue, He gently shook His head.</p>
<p>To Him, the apocalypse had to end in victory. Even if most of the sefirot were lost, and civilization continued on the peripheral planet at the universe’s edge, it would merely be a comforting delusion—possibly just a temporary postponement of the apocalypse.</p>
<p>This was because the victory of the Great Old Dominators did not signify the end but symbolized a seismic shift in the cosmic landscape. After seizing the sefirot They desired, would They not accommodate them? Once accommodated, powerful entities comparable to the Pillars would emerge!</p>
<p>By then, if the Circle of Inevitability accommodated the Key of Light, Amon Himself would no longer dare leave the planet and could only survive tenuously under the protection of the Lord of Mysteries.</p>
<p>Given the premise of failure, this was the optimal outcome. If the Mother Goddess of Depravity were to mend and recover, allowing Her to fulfill the contract and aid the Primordial God Almighty’s return, even the Lord of Mysteries would face a crisis.</p>
<p>These two capable and willing Pillars could sign a contract through the Notary pathway, cooperating sincerely enough to dismantle and seal the Lord of Mysteries, ensuring the Celestial Worthy could never resurrect!</p>
<p>In such a scenario, Lord of Mysteries Klein might not be able to win but could perhaps avoid destruction. However, the peripheral planet at the universe’s edge would be left entirely unprotected.</p>
<p>Amon retracted His gaze and looked at the Chained Uniqueness before Him, chuckling softly. “Only I steal from others. When have others ever dared rob me?”</p>
<p>Before His voice faded, Amon’s monocle emitted an even more dazzling brilliance.</p>
<p>This transformed the surrounding void into light, ushering in a white day.</p>
<hr />
<p>Lord of Mysteries Klein was just about to wield the symbolism of Foolishness against the Goddess of Fate when he suddenly dissolved into shadows, sinking back into the River of Fate’s main current and tributaries. He returned to his strategy of interference, obstruction, and delay.</p>
<p>This was because he had agreed to Amon’s request to use the Uniquenesses of the Error and Door pathways.</p>
<p>It was also because he had received corresponding information from the spirit world and decided to shift his primary focus to the Mother Tree of Desire.</p>
<p>The grotesque, chaotic tree adorned with scales of chaos had been blinded to spiritual premonitions, unable to gather information from the spirit world. Thus, She remained unaware of the developments on another battlefield—until She saw the many Kleins rise into the air, spreading their arms to project starlight-dyed bluish-black doors before them. Only then did a sense of foreboding strike Her.</p>
<p>Klein had reinforced the mystical connections and corresponding symbolisms that Amon had “reconstructed,” linking them across countless star dominions to the current battlefield!</p>
<p>Before the Mother Tree of Desire could respond, the familiar roaring of Inextinguishable Ravings reverberated through Her psyche, wreaking havoc on Her consciousness and spirit.</p>
<p>Then, blood-colored flames engulfed Her, and She let out a howl of pain. Her massive arboreal body began collapsing, morphing into a giant rabbit with scales of chaos.</p>
<p>Klein had anticipated a similar scenario but had not expected the Mother Tree of Desire to be so severely injured. Just as he could not foresee the instability of the pitch-black fiend’s emotional state, which had exploded at the slightest provocation.</p>
<p>As he prepared to seize the opportunity to seal or even slay the Mother Tree of Desire, the chaos-scaled rabbit erupted with ferocious aggression and greed.</p>
<p>She exploited the cursed mystical connection against Herself, unabashedly releasing the gathered forces to drag Herself toward the Tenebrous World battlefield!</p>
<p>The Mother Tree of Desire vanished into the astral world, bypassing Klein’s attempts to block Her.</p>
<p>Every event has both a good side and a bad side; this was a fundamental rule of the universe, and the reverse was equally true.</p>
<p>Klein’s marionettes raised their coats and extended their right hands into the void, attempting to Graft the mystical connection between the Mother Tree of Desire and the Tenebrous World onto one of the marionettes, hoping to return the rabbit with scales of chaos without Her realizing it.</p>
<p>At that moment, crimson moonlight descended, and an illusory, slightly damaged oak tree grew from the mystical connection between the Mother Tree of Desire and the Tenebrous World, solidifying the corresponding symbolism.</p>
<p>Klein’s attempt to Graft failed.</p>
<p>Mother Goddess of Depravity!</p>
<p>The Mother Goddess of Depravity had assisted the Mother Tree of Desire remotely!</p>
<p>Klein was both surprised and unsurprised.</p>
<p>He was unsurprised because he had long known that the Mother Goddess of Depravity and the Mother Tree of Desire had signed a contract witnessed by the Primordial God Almighty. The latter had sacrificed the Tree of Shadows to help the former bypass barriers. The former now owed assistance, which She could provide by exerting influence remotely from the astral world through the corresponding contract.</p>
<p>What surprised Klein was the speed at which the Mother Goddess of Depravity had recovered, having reset Her state and healed Her injuries faster than he had anticipated, no longer worried about Lumian’s influence. Though She still needed to remove the suppression of the symbolism of destruction to fully heal, She was already daring enough to intervene in the battlefield remotely—a true testament to Her symbolism of New Life.</p>
<p>Naturally, the Mother Goddess of Depravity was still weakened from using the Chaos Primogenitor’s special symbolism. Until She was fully healed, She would not descend directly while bearing dual negative impacts.</p>
<p>With this interference, Klein failed to stop the Mother Tree of Desire. The massive rabbit with scales of chaos leapt from the astral world to the burning Tenebrous World.</p>
<p>Weakened and desperate, She let out a resounding roar, awakening the survival instincts of all sentient beings in the region.</p>
<p>In an instant, the golden Buddha turned and fled far away. Amon, clutching the Chained Uniqueness, wandered back behind the enormous cross in the Chaos Sea. The High-Dimensional Overseer, along with the Celestial Master and the Celestial Thearch’s projection, also chose to retreat for a moment.</p>
<p>Within the Tenebrous World, the heavily cursed Inextinguishable Ravings developed certain thoughts and emotions.</p>
<p>His current state was dire…</p>
<p>Among the Great Old Dominators, there were still some who could accommodate His associated sefirah…</p>
<p>A weakened hunter could become prey…</p>
<p>Driven by His overwhelming survival instincts, Inextinguishable Ravings instinctively fled the Tenebrous World, attempting to return to formlessness and escape to another star dominion to hide.</p>
<p>Without interference from the golden Buddha, His attempt succeeded.</p>
<p>At this moment in the Tenebrous World, the consciousness and spirits of the Dao integrators had already been utterly consumed, likewise for Farbauti. The Mother Tree of Desire seized the opportunity, using Her powers of convergence to forcibly absorb the shadowy world.</p>
<p>Then, in Her form as a colossal rabbit, She hugged the Tenebrous World and fled into the astral world without any hesitation, leaving everything else behind.</p>
<p>Severely injured, She no longer cared about recovering the Chained or Abyss Uniquenesses or their corresponding Beyonder characteristics. All She desired was to hide and recover while fully accommodating the Tenebrous World!</p>
<p>Everything had happened so quickly that by the time the Mother Tree of Desire disappeared from the star dominion, the efforts of Origins of Disaster Lumian and Eternal Darkness Amanises to block Her had just arrived. Klein, whose form had been flickering due to the interference of the Mother Goddess of Depravity, finally stabilized and reappeared.</p>
<p>Klein instantly assessed the overall situation and realized that despite the temporary loss of the Tenebrous World, His side had gained the upper hand—the three sefirot needed to deal with one Great Old Dominator.</p>
<p>However, vigilance was still required. Inextinguishable Ravings, despite fleeing in a burst of survival instincts, might surreptitiously return to observe the situation. If Klein’s side had not gained a decisive advantage by then, He might rejoin the battle. Thus, time was of the essence.</p>
<p>Klein planned to continue delaying the Goddess of Fate and Supernova Dominator while pursuing the Mother Tree of Desire. He aimed to reclaim the Tenebrous World while She was still severely damaged and had yet to fully hide. Meanwhile, He would occasionally interfere with the Circle of Inevitability to create opportunities for Lumian and the Evernight Goddess.</p>
<p>The next moment, His high-frequency flickering figure stopped. He directed his gaze toward the Chaos Sea.</p>
<p>Crimson moonlight fell from the astral world, bathing the enormous luminous figure, bringing New Life to all consciousnesses.</p>
<p>This included Grisha Adam, as well as Herabergen and Leodoro—and also that of the Primordial God Almighty.</p>
<p>The Primordial God Almighty’s consciousness was already on the verge of taking over.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
