<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1105.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1097-a-letter-destined-to-be-received" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1097: A Letter Destined to be Received</h2>
<p><em>A letter from a great existence?</em> Lumian suddenly laughed, interrupting the old man’s words, “I feel that you don’t actually exist in this house.”</p>
<p>As Lumian spoke, Franca stepped sideways, moving close to Jenna, with layers of phantom images appearing in her eyes.</p>
<p>The old man in a crumpled formal suit and thin frame seemed eager to express himself and actually explained his current state to Lumian, “If I believe I exist, and you believe I exist, then I am existing. The reverse is also true.”</p>
<p>Franca felt a bit of a headache, muttering, “Are you talking philosophy?”</p>
<p>The old man’s eyes brightened. “How did you know that my previous, hmm, in your terms, Sequence was called Philosopher?”</p>
<p><em>Seriously… A Demoness’s spiritual intuition is no joke…</em> Franca was momentarily stunned.</p>
<p><em>Philosopher?</em> Lumian suddenly thought of a secretive organization, an evil god cult: First Philosophy!</p>
<p><em>The mental patient who was once disguised as his substitute by I Know Someone was also described as being like a philosopher…</em> Lumian thoughtfully said to the old man, “Midoro’s Worship?”</p>
<p>“Do you know about the Heavenly Domains, the Formless Door?” The old man responded happily. “Have you also experienced immortality?”</p>
<p>Lumian shook his head, speaking in a flat tone, “No.</p>
<p>“I’ve just killed a few Initiates.”</p>
<p>He was provoking, also displaying the arrogance of a Hunter to better act as an Iron-blooded Knight.</p>
<p>Moreover, discussing immortality and the Formless Door with a Philosopher would likely draw him into his “realm” and imperceptibly cause severe problems.</p>
<p>The expression on the old man’s face instantly disappeared. He looked at Lumian, speaking in a hollow voice, “A great existence wants me to deliver you a letter.”</p>
<p>“Which one?” Before Lumian could ask, he glanced at Franca and Jenna.</p>
<p>The two Demonesses had silently disappeared from the house, leaving only two makeup mirrors placed on the ground at some point.</p>
<p>When Lumian first diverted the conversation, Franca had used their proximity to transfer their true bodies through the mirror world via their eyes, leaving only mirror projections!</p>
<p>Now, they weren’t even maintaining the mirror projections.</p>
<p>They had learned from Lumian that deeply understanding the names and information of great existences would severely corrupt oneself, something mirror projections couldn’t block, and even hidden, sleeping mirrors would be affected!</p>
<p>The old man didn’t mind Franca and Jenna’s departure, looking at Lumian and saying, “The mighty Circle of Inevitability.”</p>
<p><em>Circle of Inevitability? He should hate Amon more than me now. What letter is He sending me? Is He trying to carry out counterespionage against me? Why would such a great existence value me… Or is this letter just a medium to harvest my life?</em> Lumian asked the old man with interest, “You’re not an Angel, are you? Except for a few, other great existences haven’t yet been able to send angelic-level power through the barrier.</p>
<p>“Can you understand the true names of great existences?”</p>
<p>In Lumian’s view, this old man was at most Sequence 3.</p>
<p>The old man smiled and replied, “This is the unique characteristic and source of pain for Messengers of God, but also our most powerful ability.</p>
<p>“Corruption grants us power.”</p>
<p><em>Sounds quite philosophical… But this ability is indeed special. The Beyonders from the First Philosophy I’ve encountered were skilled at injecting voices into others’ ears or minds. If what they inject are the true names of great existences, who below the angelic level could withstand that?</em> Lumian suddenly felt lucky that he hadn’t encountered a Messenger of God before becoming an angel.</p>
<p>Otherwise, with the various hidden issues in his body, he would absolutely explode at the slightest provocation.</p>
<p><em>Or maybe it wasn’t luck, but arrangement…</em> As this thought flashed, Lumian self-deprecatingly mused internally.</p>
<p>With this realization, his blue eyes instantly turned iron-black.</p>
<p>He didn’t want to receive the Circle of Inevitability’s letter. He wanted to find the mystical connection between the old man before him and his true body by investigating overall weaknesses, then blow them both up!</p>
<p>At that moment, the old man’s body suddenly became ethereal.</p>
<p>A silver-white with black color rose from within him.</p>
<p>His hollow voice rang out. “Please receive the letter.”</p>
<p>He suddenly condensed, transforming into a silver-white and black light, shooting directly at Lumian.</p>
<p>In this house, he was the letter, and the letter was him!</p>
<p>Lumian activated the black mark on his right shoulder and quickly disappeared from the spot.</p>
<p>He directly teleported to the Fog Sea, far from Trier.</p>
<p>But the silver-white and black light was still ahead of him, still approaching, not shaken off.</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t hesitate, making layers of phantom images appear in his blue eyes.</p>
<p>He entered the mirror world.</p>
<p>The silver-white and black light was still before him, in the illusory dark tunnel, seeming destined to be received by him.</p>
<p>This was a fate that couldn’t be escaped!</p>
<p>Lumian flashed into another mirror tunnel, and the silver-white and black light once again approached from the front.</p>
<p>This time, Lumian didn’t flee. His eyes quickly turned silver-black.</p>
<p>Eye of Calamity!</p>
<p>Although his Inevitability power hadn’t further improved, thanks to his Weakness Investigation ability now reaching angelic level, the Eye of Calamity formed by merging this ability with Inevitability power naturally had some enhancement.</p>
<p>Since he couldn’t escape, he’d try to eliminate this letter from the destiny plane!</p>
<p>Soon, Lumian saw the quietly surging mercury-colored illusory long river and saw the scene of himself catching the silver-white and black light.</p>
<p>It existed in almost all destiny branches.</p>
<p>In other words, Lumian saw his future of receiving the “letter”, a destiny that was bound to unfold.</p>
<p>The only variable was a branch that didn’t include this future, extremely marginal and chaotic, very difficult to push with his current abilities.</p>
<p>Lacking necessary preconditions!</p>
<p>In the blink of an eye, Lumian saw another scene.</p>
<p>In the image, the recipient of the “letter” was not only himself but also Amon, wearing a black robe, monocle, and a pointed soft hat.</p>
<p><em>Clang!</em></p>
<p>Lumian suddenly heard an ethereal clang crossing through thick history.</p>
<p>A scene naturally emerged in his mind: the thin-faced Amon, wearing a monocle, stood in the bell tower, pushing the bell hammer to strike the great bell.</p>
<p>With this sound, an ancient, mottled massive stone clock appeared.</p>
<p>It was a phantom, its face divided into unequal twelve sections by intersecting dark blue and gray-white, each section with different symbols representing different times.</p>
<p>Three jointed, semi-transparent small worms formed the clock’s hands.</p>
<p>As they stopped moving, an indescribable invisible torrent surged out, seemingly freezing the silver-white and black light within.</p>
<p>Lumian, not within the affected range, heard a familiar voice with a hint of laughter, “Do you know the main ability of a Sufferer?”</p>
<p>Before Lumian could respond, the voice answered itself, “Reproducing the suffering one has experienced onto the target.”</p>
<p>As the words fell, the silver-white and black light frozen in time broke through its restraints, again flying towards Lumian.</p>
<p>But waiting for it was an extraordinarily intense, unimaginable sea of light.</p>
<p>A supernova seemed to have erupted, erupting on a small scale.</p>
<p>This mirror world instantly collapsed, accompanied by the silent shattering of numerous mirrors.</p>
<p>Of course, this was far from a true supernova explosion, merely a kind of simulated reproduction.</p>
<p>Although Lumian was outside the range, his body also shattered, re-forming outside the mirror world.</p>
<p>At this moment, in his Eye of Calamity, the preconditions for pushing destiny to the marginal branch were satisfied.</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t hesitate to release nearly half his spirituality from his left palm, letting the mercury-colored river of fate’s water flow into the corresponding branch.</p>
<p>Everything calmed down.</p>
<p>Lumian was about to turn his head and look at Amon, who had appeared beside him at some point, when tiny silver-white and black lights suddenly emerged in the void, forming a paragraph of text.</p>
<p>Though the Circle of Inevitability’s letter couldn’t be directly delivered to him and Amon, it inevitably revealed itself.</p>
<p>The text was very complex, but it didn’t prevent Lumian from directly deciphering its meaning.</p>
<p>“Stay away from special mirror worlds, or you’re destined to lose control and go mad.”</p>
<p><em>Huh?</em> Lumian was somewhat stunned.</p>
<p><em>Is this a warning?</em></p>
<p><em>The Circle of Inevitability didn’t try to corrupt or smite me, but instead warned me?</em></p>
<p><em>Is He trying to betray the other Outer Deities?</em></p>
<p>Surprised, Lumian focused on the phrase “lose control and go mad”.</p>
<p>He then recalled the prophecy of the Post-Apocalyptic Scripture and the future self he seemed to have seen during the Hostel incident.</p>
<p><em>Do all prophecies about my future revolve around the words ‘going crazy’?</em> Lumian silently muttered to himself.</p>
<p>Amon, standing mid-air in some inexplicable manner, slightly disappointedly shook His head. “If it’s not a letter for me, why ask me to receive it?”</p>
<p>“Perhaps you’ll also lose control and go mad by entering the special mirror world,” Lumian tried to interpret the hidden meaning of the Circle of Inevitability’s words.</p>
<p>Saying this, he stopped.</p>
<p>He remembered the “young man” beside him, wearing a monocle, was once a top Cryptologist.</p>
<p>Amon smiled in agreement. “That’s possible.</p>
<p>“But I can indeed avoid entering special mirror worlds. Can you?”</p>
<p>Lumian wanted to answer yes, but given the entanglement of destiny, his unique pathway, and various other prerequisites, he felt he would inevitably enter the special mirror world, enter the depths of Fourth Epoch Trier, and could only hope to delay this as much as possible until fully prepared.</p>
<p>“Why would the Circle of Inevitability want to warn me?” Lumian asked habitually.</p>
<p>Amon adjusted His monocle, laughing. “Did that old fellow also designate me as a recipient to help you decrypt?”</p>
<p>He continued, His tone laced with laughter, “The interpretation is that entering a special mirror world indeed poses a risk of you losing control and going mad, and this might bring unknown risks to those old fellows.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
