<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1137.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1128-another-prophecy" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1128: Another Prophecy</h2>
<p>Lenburg’s capital, Azshara.</p>
<p>In front of the side gate of the grand and magnificent white tower, Lumian was greeted by a demigod from the Church of the God of Knowledge and Wisdom—someone he had seen before.</p>
<p>After his experiences in the dream city, Lumian easily recognized her.</p>
<p>She was Edwina Edwards, formerly the Pirate Admiral, Vice Admiral Iceberg and now a high-ranking deacon of the Church of Knowledge.</p>
<p>Dressed more like a professional teacher than a pirate or clergy member, Edwina gestured invitingly without saying a word.</p>
<p>Lumian refrained from asking questions, silently following her through the door and into a dimly lit hallway lined with numerous gas wall lamps.</p>
<p>After walking in silence for a long stretch, Lumian suddenly asked, “Does knowing more—possessing greater knowledge—make one suffer more?”</p>
<p>Edwina replied with her usual calm expression, “I would rather suffer from knowledge than find happiness in ignorance.”</p>
<p>Gazing at the seemingly endless corridor, Lumian changed the subject.</p>
<p>“If humanity were to acquire enough knowledge, what could it achieve without relying on Beyonder powers?”</p>
<p>Edwina glanced at Lumian and said, “Knowledge in mysticism is also knowledge.”</p>
<p>After a brief pause, she continued, “If you exclude that, then perhaps one day in the future, humanity could find other ways to influence the rules and touch authority. But beyond that, it would be impossible—unless mystical elements were incorporated.</p>
<p>“My research focuses on enabling humanity to use Beyonder powers with less risk.”</p>
<p>“That’s nice…” Lumian remarked wistfully.</p>
<p>After another moment of silence, they stopped at the end of the corridor, standing before a pair of brass doors.</p>
<p>Lumian turned his head to study Edwina for a moment before asking thoughtfully, “Would you want to return to being Vice Admiral Iceberg?”</p>
<p>Without hesitation, Edwina shook her head. “I prefer my current life, where I can learn something new every day and make discoveries.”</p>
<p>Lumian did not press further. Under Edwina’s gaze, he pushed open the double doors.</p>
<p>Inside was a bright and clean library filled with numerous brass bookshelves.</p>
<p>For a moment, Lumian felt as though he had returned to his first visit to the City of Exiles, Morora.</p>
<p>He stepped inside, and the brass doors slowly closed behind him.</p>
<p>From behind a towering bookshelf emerged Heraberg, dressed in a plain white robe embroidered with brass threads and holding two books. His amber eyes remained warm and clear, showing no sign of cloudiness.</p>
<p>Seeing Heraberg did not surprise Lumian. He smiled and bowed slightly. “Your Grace, we meet again.”</p>
<p>Heraberg gave a slight nod. “Your current state is very research-worthy, but time is running out.”</p>
<p>He made no effort to conceal His regret nor was He worried about the emotional damage it would cause Lumian. He spoke plainly, as if discussing an ordinary breakfast.</p>
<p>“Indeed, time is running out,” Lumian agreed.</p>
<p>Heraberg observed the head on Lumian’s left shoulder for a moment before speaking calmly, “I had made a prophecy.</p>
<p>“You will encounter Cheek in the near future.”</p>
<p>“I understand,” Lumian replied with a smile.</p>
<p>He looked around the library and suddenly felt a pang of nostalgia. “Your Grace, did you ever foresee my current state?”</p>
<p>Heraberg looked at him and spoke with deliberate cadence, “If I were to say I foresaw your future entirely, that would be a lie. But if I claimed I had no foresight at all, that would also be untrue.</p>
<p>“I foresaw that you would gain something unique, but I didn’t know what it would be. I am not omniscient or omnipotent. Among the contenders for 0-01, I favored you because of your excellent performance, ability to stay calm and study diligently, and borrowing books from the library again and again—unlike the others…”</p>
<p>As He spoke, Heraberg shook His head.</p>
<p>“I’m a lover of learning,” Lumian said with a calm smile, laced with a hint of self-deprecation.</p>
<p>Heraberg said with relief, “If you truly grasp the allure of knowledge and understand the joy of learning, even a long life will not be plagued by emptiness or torment.</p>
<p>“Knowledge embraces everything. Knowledge is everything…”</p>
<p>His tone was patient, as though genuinely attempting to guide Lumian toward a fulfilling future.</p>
<p>Lumian listened quietly, not interrupting, though he knew it wasn’t particularly important.</p>
<p>When Heraberg finished speaking, Lumian asked gravely, “Would you ever willingly give up your current life?”</p>
<p>Heraberg sighed. “If I had other choices, I obviously wouldn’t.</p>
<p>“Child, our will may be free, but we are not alone in this world. Often, life is about choosing between the bad and the worse—there’s no better option.</p>
<p>“In similar situations, some would choose to give up entirely. But I am greedy. I wish to keep living. The ocean of knowledge is boundless, and the pursuit of it is full of joy. I am not ready to die yet. This is the fundamental reason behind many of my decisions.</p>
<p>“Now, there are only a few options left before me. Since I still wish to live, I must choose the relatively less bad one.</p>
<p>“Wanting to live is not shameful.”</p>
<p>Looking into Lumian’s eyes, He concluded, “These are my thoughts and experiences. I hope they provide some value when you make your own choices in the future.”</p>
<p>“Thank you,” Lumian said sincerely.</p>
<p>Having obtained the prophecy and answers he needed, he prepared to leave. But then he recalled something. “Your Grace, where exactly is the City of Exiles, Morora?”</p>
<p>“It, along with the surrounding mountains, resides in my stomach,” Heraberg admitted without hesitation.</p>
<p>Lumian was enlightened. “The Path of Exile leads to the astral world?”</p>
<p>Heraberg nodded. “Yes.”</p>
<p>He then smiled faintly. “When you summoned a meteor to destroy Morora, it gave me quite a stomachache.”</p>
<p>Lumian froze momentarily before letting out an awkward chuckle. “That might be the greatest prank I’ve ever pulled—if it even qualifies as a prank.”</p>
<p>After leaving Azshara, Lumian returned to Trier.</p>
<p>“How did it go?” Franca asked with concern.</p>
<p>Lumian recounted the God of Knowledge and Wisdom Herabergen’s prophecy before adding, “I have a general idea now. Time to make a plan.”</p>
<p>Franca studied the head on Lumian’s shoulder for a moment, rubbing her chin. “Why do I feel like you’re in a better mood?”</p>
<p>As she spoke, she glanced around, seemingly looking for Anthony to confirm her observation. Unfortunately, Anthony had gone to report an anomaly in the sea of collective subconscious to the official Churches and offer assistance.</p>
<p>For the past year, Spectator-pathway demigods like Anthony had been monitoring, observing, and assisting without rest. Any slight oversight could lead to disaster, leaving the task of quelling anomalies and calamities to other high-ranking Beyonders. However, in emergencies, such distinctions would be disregarded.</p>
<p>As for unofficial Mid- to Low-Sequence Beyonders and ordinary humans, they remained unaware that the Southern and Northern Continents had been destroyed and that they were in protected zones. Continuing their normal lives—singing, dancing, and working—was the greatest help they could offer to the official organizations and true gods.</p>
<p>In the current situation, the anchors must remain stable. Even false happiness was preferable!</p>
<p>Smiling, Lumian replied, “I just listened to an elder share His life’s wisdom.”</p>
<p>“Sounds good,” Franca said without probing further.</p>
<p>Eagerly, she said to Lumian, “Let’s start planning how to bring catastrophe to the Demoness Sect!”</p>
<p>For nearly a year, Franca had waited patiently to exact vengeance for Jenna and Lumian.</p>
<p>She could barely hold herself back anymore. She was no gentleman; she wished for swift retribution.</p>
<p>Seeing Franca’s enthusiasm, Lumian chuckled. “I need to report to Mr. Fool first.”</p>
<hr />
<p>Above the gray fog, within the majestic palace.</p>
<p>After Lumian’s figure vanished from the The Chariot card’s seat, Mr. Fool contemplated for a few seconds before summoning an impromptu meeting.</p>
<p>In an instant, beams of light surged upward, transforming into different figures seated in various positions.</p>
<p>They were the Major Arcana card holders—Madam Justice, Madam Magician, Mr. Star, and others—everyone except Lumian.</p>
<p>“The Chariot intends to bring catastrophe to the Demoness Sect. You are to assist him,” Mr. Fool commanded.</p>
<p>“Yes, Mr. Fool,” the Major Arcana card holders responded in unison, rising from their seats.</p>
<p>Mr. Fool nodded lightly, signaling them to sit back down. Then he addressed The Sun Derrick,</p>
<p>“I hope you will uphold your justice in this matter, fully digest your potion, and become an Angel as soon as possible.”</p>
<p>After the fall of the Eternal Blazing Sun, under Mr. Fool’s protection, Derrick had obtained the Lightseeker Beyonder characteristic.</p>
<p>Once The Sun responded, Mr. Fool turned to The Star Leonard.</p>
<p>“You and Pallez will both participate. Apply to the Church of Evernight for temporary use of a Sealed Artifact…</p>
<p>“During this operation, aim to acquire a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact or the Demoness of Catastrophe Beyonder characteristic. Then, exchange it with the Church of Evernight for the Servant of Concealment Beyonder characteristic.</p>
<p>“Bring fear to the high-ranking members of the Demoness Sect. Through this, you will fully digest your potion.”</p>
<p>The Star Leonard discerned that the last two lines were not instructions or reminders but blessings from Mr. Fool.</p>
<p>Feeling a wave of emotion, Leonard stood and bowed. “Yes, Mr. Fool.”</p>
<p>The Fool then turned to Madam Temperance. “You and Reinette will also participate. The indulgence faction may attempt to sabotage The Chariot’s actions.”</p>
<p>Temperance Madam Sharron raised a pre-written card. “Understood, Mr. Fool.”</p>
<p>After issuing instructions to all the Major Arcana card holders, Mr. Fool concluded the impromptu gathering.</p>
<hr />
<p>Cathedral of Serenity, Church of Evernight headquarters.</p>
<p>The Star Leonard met with the current Pope, Saint Dabomachie.</p>
<p>“Your Holiness, I wish to apply for temporary use of a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact.” Leonard drew a star sigil on his chest, making four sequential points.</p>
<p>“Which one?” Dabomachie, an elderly man with white hair and beard and a serene countenance, asked gently.</p>
<p>The Star Leonard replied in a deep voice, “0-17.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
