<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1119.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1111-the-power-to-stop" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1111: The Power to Stop</h2>
<p>At the special mirror world’s edge.</p>
<p>Anthony watched as multiple manifestations of Mr. Fool disappeared into thin air, heading toward the Primordial Demoness, leaving only one behind to monitor Jenna’s transformation, ready to act at any moment.</p>
<p>Jenna’s features gradually relaxed, no longer distorted and pained, even tinged with a faint smile. The gray-white hue on her body was receding, as if she was on the verge of completing her advancement, gaining eternal youth, and reaching Sequence 3.</p>
<p>Ludwig quietly retreated several steps, hiding behind Anthony.</p>
<p>He looked visibly anxious, biting at his fingers.</p>
<p>Snap. He bit off a piece of bone, chewing on it bloody and swallowing.</p>
<p>Meanwhile, Anthony noticed a strange change in the surrounding scenery: one side reflected the real world—sunlight, stars, green trees, the sea, humans—chaotically jumbled together. The other side resembled a frozen, lifeless universe. Above, brilliant explosions of light continued to erupt, casting out vast amounts of matter, while below, deep, dark abysses consumed everything, compressing it toward a final singular point…</p>
<p>These were still illusions, mere reflections of the mirror world.</p>
<p>Yet even a demigod like Anthony felt an indescribable fear rooted deep in his soul and flesh.</p>
<p>Despite Jenna still being at Sequence 3, without higher-level Beyonder characteristics, her presence was nearly as terrifying as the terror emanating from the depths of the special mirror world.</p>
<p>Because she embodied a most unique and fearsome symbol.</p>
<p>A symbol of the creation and destruction of everything!</p>
<p>This transformation had to be stopped before the symbol was complete, before Jenna reopened her eyes!</p>
<p>At that moment, Amon’s mocking voice reached Anthony and Ludwig’s ears.</p>
<p>“Why is it always me doing the work?</p>
<p>“I’d much rather clear altars and figurines like the serpent…”</p>
<p>As He spoke, the Blasphemer, dressed in a pointed soft hat and a classic magician’s robe, faced Jenna and raised both arms.</p>
<p>The monocle on His right eye shone brilliantly.</p>
<p>Behind Him, layer upon layer of resplendent doors materialized, while a vast, silent river of mercury-like symbols flowed majestically.</p>
<hr />
<p>Deep within the special mirror world.</p>
<p>On Lumian’s body, blurry flesh, iron-black bones, violet flames, and intricate, dangerous symbols were collapsing rapidly.</p>
<p>This process included the fragment of the Primordial Demoness, the fused Alista Tudors, the Conqueror Beyonder characteristic, and most of the madness.</p>
<p>Even Lumian’s brain, split open like in a cranial surgery, and the remaining insanity were about to join this collapse.</p>
<p>Seeing this, the Primordial Demoness, clad in a white bone dress, smiled.</p>
<p><em>The balance is indeed lost…</em></p>
<p><em>It seems like a failure…</em></p>
<p><em>But no matter. I’ll fuse myself in and see what kind of monster emerges in the end.</em></p>
<p><em>What I cannot obtain, no one else shall have. And I will take everything within the barrier with me to the grave.</em></p>
<p><em>This will be the grandest funeral for me and Tudor.</em></p>
<p>Suddenly, the Primordial Demoness noticed a delay in the extreme collapse happening to Lumian.</p>
<p>Two forces were preventing it.</p>
<p>One was the destiny fixed on madness and not on complete destruction.</p>
<p>When a conclusion was bound to be bad, steering it toward a lesser evil was far easier than reversing it to something good.</p>
<p>This was the true purpose of the letter sent by the Circle of Inevitability!</p>
<p>The second was a faint rebirth within Lumian’s collapsing flesh, symbols, violet flames, iron-black bones, and Beyonder characteristics.</p>
<p>They were regrowing, extending outward, clinging to the last threads of life.</p>
<p>This new birth came from Omebella’s bloodline and Zedus’s vitalized soul fragments.</p>
<p>On Lumian’s body, now condensed into a strange sphere, a lump of flesh protruded, resembling someone’s head.</p>
<p>On the head, two alternating faces constantly shifted. One belonged to the high-nosed, madness-filled Blood Emperor Alista Tudor. The other was a ruby-eyed, nearly perfectly beautiful Zedus.</p>
<p>Lumian’s deadened thoughts suddenly flickered, pulling him back from the eternal darkness into his spiritual body.</p>
<p>This new birth had brought him back.</p>
<p>He felt the most extreme, hopeless pain and saw the changes in his body.</p>
<p>He suddenly recalled Mr. Fool’s insight on dealing with Omebella’s bloodline and Zedus’s soul fragments: <em>“This is a hidden danger, a risk, and also a variable, an opportunity.”</em></p>
<p><em>A variable, an opportunity… Could it be here?</em> As Lumian gained this realization, he also knew the new life was far too weak to counteract the terrifying collapse that sought to annihilate everything after losing balance.</p>
<p>There were only a few seconds left before everything ended.</p>
<p>But Lumian did not give up. His style was always to fight to the bitter end, even in death.</p>
<p>The next second, he saw another flesh-crafted head growing rapidly on his collapsing body.</p>
<p>This head also had two alternating faces. One belonged to the extraordinarily beautiful yet innocent-looking Primordial Demoness Cheek. The other, unfamiliar to Lumian, was stunningly beautiful yet radiated a maternal glow.</p>
<p>Giant Queen Omebella!</p>
<p>Seeing this change, Primordial Demoness Cheek, who was about to fuse into Lumian’s body and exacerbate the imbalance, stopped trying.</p>
<p>She smiled faintly at the manifestations of The Fool descending upon Her, Her endlessly alluring body becoming illusory and dispersing into the entire special mirror world.</p>
<p>She was the master of the mirror world—She was the mirror world. She could fuse with it at any moment. Destroying all the mirror worlds would be the only way to truly kill Her.</p>
<p>Though the mirrored terror’s feminine aspect had been transferred to Jenna, the Primordial Demoness, who had spent millennia attempting fusion, could still partially leverage Her unique symbol until it fully broke free, becoming the true mirrored Original Creator—the Oldest One.</p>
<p>The Primordial Demoness’s form simultaneously appeared in every corner of the special mirror world, Her soft voice echoing into Mr. Fool’s ears from all directions.</p>
<p>“Can you save Him?</p>
<p>“You should be able to…</p>
<p>“If you can’t, I’ll fuse with Him, and we’ll invite you to our funeral. Everyone’s funeral. The universe’s funeral.</p>
<p>“Sounds exciting, doesn’t it?”</p>
<p>Mr. Fool was unmoved by such words. Most of his rapidly flickering manifestations continued to fight the Primordial Demoness, trying to seal Her off and prevent Her from truly fusing into Lumian’s body.</p>
<p>The remaining manifestation turned to look at Lumian, struggling to hold on.</p>
<p>He sighed softly.</p>
<hr />
<p>At the special mirror world’s edge.</p>
<p>Amon, having requested dual-pathway godhood and power from The Fool, seized the moment when the mirrored Creator had yet to fully assimilate Jenna, unable to control the Demoness of Unaging’s body, and was in His weakest state. He adjusted the monocle on His right eye.</p>
<p>The Fool’s manifestation outside the special mirror world suddenly had its black trench coat rise dramatically.</p>
<p>Anthony and Ludwig were enveloped in gray-white fog, as if transported to another hidden, bizarre world.</p>
<p>The next second, before Jenna’s distorted, pained expression, now tinged with hatred, a searing sea of light appeared, engulfing her entirely.</p>
<p>Supernova!</p>
<p>Fueled by dual-pathway godhood and power, this was a Sufferer’s reenactment ability!</p>
<p>It was nearly identical to the supernova used by Mr. Fool during the battle of Sefirah Castle.</p>
<p>Jenna’s body instantly disintegrated, vaporizing before it could even evaporate. Amon, along with the surrounding mirror world, was also affected by the supernova, leading to inevitable collapse.</p>
<p>The special mirror world also began to crumble. This collapse spread for a moment but was halted by Primordial Demoness Cheek, preventing it from affecting the depths where Lumian resided.</p>
<p>The brilliant light that illuminated the darkness gradually faded. Suddenly, a holy glow, filled with redemption, shot out from the River of Fate.</p>
<p>Amon reappeared, still wearing His monocle, pointed hat, and black magician’s robe.</p>
<p>He saw that amidst the chaotic turbulence of space-time, in the deep darkness, specks of soul fragments glowed faintly. Some belonged to Jenna, and some to the mirrored Creator. They intertwined, yet had not been entirely annihilated.</p>
<p>Even a supernova explosion could not completely kill the mirrored Creator, even in Her incomplete, feminine aspect!</p>
<p>These tangled soul fragments were on the verge of reassembling, ready for resurrection.</p>
<p>Deep within the special mirror world, standing before Lumian’s mutated body, Mr. Fool raised his starlit cane with his gloved right hand, his black trench coat silently billowing.</p>
<p>Above him, far in the infinite heights, a door of light, tinged faintly with bluish-black light, flickered in and out of existence, surrounded by gray-white fog.</p>
<p>Sefirah Castle!</p>
<p>A shadow seemed to briefly open its eyes.</p>
<p>As Mr. Fool’s starlit cane pointed toward Lumian, the tangled fragments of the mirrored Creator and Jenna’s soul outside the special mirror world were instantly transferred onto Lumian.</p>
<p>Grafting!</p>
<p>A conceptual and physical Grafting, leading to a renewed fusion!</p>
<p>The Primordial Demoness, who had been manifesting and battling around the special mirror world, let out an amazed sound.</p>
<p>It was enough to satisfy any male’s vanity.</p>
<p>However, unlike the earlier fusion, Omebella’s bloodline and Zedus’s soul fragments had now been activated, each merging with the Demoness of Apocalypse Cheek and the resurrecting Tudor.</p>
<p>The mirrored Creator’s soul fragments, as if drawn by some mystical force, carried Jenna’s portion and merged into the flesh mass alternating between Omebella’s face and the Demoness of Apocalypse Cheek.</p>
<p>Mr. Fool added a glimmer of starlight to the remaining fragments of Jenna’s soul, allowing them to withstand the erosion and fusion process for some time.</p>
<hr />
<p>The countryside dreamscape was now in shambles.</p>
<p>Madam Magician and Madam Justice, who had assumed Mythical Creature forms through self-hypnosis, fought fiercely against the ancient dragon Edefana for an extended period.</p>
<p>During the battle, Madam Justice suddenly noticed two incongruities:</p>
<p><em>Our opponent is merely a Sequence 2 mind dragon. How can it continually suppress Fors and me when we carry a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact?</em></p>
<p><em>Moreover, Fors hadn’t once thought to divide her shadow to support other battlefields…</em></p>
<p>At that moment, Edefana’s ancient voice echoed, “I have no desire to be your enemy. I am merely compelled.</p>
<p>“As a dragon born in the mid-First Epoch, as ancient as Ankewelt, unlike Ariehogg and the others who only witnessed part of the Second Epoch’s history, don’t you wonder how I, a mere Sequence 2, have survived until now?”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
