<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1148.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1139-curse" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1139: Curse</h2>
<p>At the edge of the battlefield, Amon observed as Primordial Demoness Cheek once again conjured a vortex of chaos, and a smirk immediately curled across His lips.</p>
<p>Raising both hands, He was enveloped entirely in the holy glow of redemption.</p>
<p>Within the monocle’s field of vision, the silvery river of fate corresponding to that region appeared. Every tributary of its future was occupied by chaos, leaving no other possibilities—inevitable destruction.</p>
<p>Amon abruptly brought His hands together, clasping them tightly.</p>
<p>At that moment, He seemed like someone earnestly praying in the Ancient Sun God’s cathedral.</p>
<p>Almost simultaneously, within that silvery, illusory river of fate—where the tributaries were about to merge and unify destiny into chaos—a new tributary inexplicably emerged, representing another potential future.</p>
<p>In this new tributary, chaos persisted but did not destroy everything in the region.</p>
<p>The Angel of Redemption—saving the future by creating something out of nothing!</p>
<p>As the river of fate shifted toward this new tributary, the chaotic vortex Primordial Demoness Cheek had created abruptly erupted with a sense of renewal before dissipating entirely.</p>
<p>Moments later, the chaotic vortex re-emerged from the area of renewal, once again disassembling and encompassing everything around it.</p>
<p>It fell into a cycle—a loop of destruction and creation.</p>
<p>This confined it to a small range, unable to directly obstruct Lumian’s Sword of Destruction, which was about to strike.</p>
<p>Behind the Primordial Demoness, one of the metallic puppets now wielded a massive, deformed black scythe.</p>
<p>The puppet swung its weapon toward the target, carrying with it a silence of unlit darkness.</p>
<p>This was a boon from the Evernight Goddess, an Angel-level temporary boon!</p>
<p>To the Primordial Demoness’s right, another steel puppet transformed into a massive, featureless serpent adorned with patches of white feathers and enormous wings.</p>
<p>This metallic feathered serpent turned into a silent, lifeless white torrent that surged toward its target.</p>
<p>This was also a boon from the Evernight Goddess—a temporary angelic power with a very limited duration.</p>
<p>On the Primordial Demoness’s left, yet another steel puppet grew to an enormous size, comparable to Lumian himself.</p>
<p>At some point, it had gripped a colossal sword of orange-red light that radiated the aura of approaching twilight and the decay of all things.</p>
<p>The orange-red sword also slashed toward the Primordial Demoness.</p>
<p>In an instant, Cheek seemed enveloped by twilight, frozen in the orange-red glow. Her thoughts and actions slowed, as if She existed in a different world from Lumian.</p>
<p>Her attempt to destroy Herself was thus delayed.</p>
<p>Twilight had arrived!</p>
<p>After these three metallic puppets delivered attacks at the Primordial Demoness representing different authorities of endings, they were each destroyed on the spot. Some lost their spirituality, others their sense of life, and others corroded rapidly into rust.</p>
<p>They were disposable vessels for carrying those three powers, solidified from Lumian’s flames.</p>
<p>The silent darkness, pale death, orange-red twilight, and Lumian’s Sword of Destruction struck Primordial Demoness Cheek simultaneously.</p>
<p>Suddenly, parts of these forces intertwined.</p>
<p>These mere Angel-level powers tangled into a deep black point, absorbing all light, sound, and matter.</p>
<p>The black dot prominently appeared on Cheek’s skeletal-dressed body, instantly collapsing Her into it, along with all Her Mirror Substitutions.</p>
<p>Elsewhere within the special mirror world, Primordial Demoness Cheek’s mirror self, a handsome man with a blood-stained face, twisted in expression before vanishing as if evaporated into thin air or erased with an eraser.</p>
<p>In various hidden places across the ruins of the Northern and Southern Continents and within Primordial Demoness Cheek’s divine kingdom established in the mirror world, one dormant mirror after another was erased by an unknown power, reaching their end.</p>
<p>The next second, Franca, Mr. Star Leonard, and the others—fresh from completing their battles in the depths of the mirror world—were struck with an inexplicable daze, almost forgetting who they were assisting Lumian against and whom the Demoness Sect worshipped.</p>
<p>Or rather, had such a deity ever truly existed?</p>
<p>In the ruins of Trier, Demoness of Gray Judith and Demoness of Yellow Tissavica nearly forgot They had a true god ancestor. They felt that the Demoness Sect’s deity must have been an imagined, symbolic figure.</p>
<p>Struggling to recall the title “Primordial Demoness” and the name “Cheek,” Their expressions changed dramatically as they realized something had gone terribly wrong.</p>
<p>These two experienced Demonesses of Catastrophe immediately created large-scale calamities to prevent Madam Justice and Madam Magician from approaching.</p>
<p>Then, without a moment’s hesitation, They began self-destruction.</p>
<p>Within the special mirror world.</p>
<p>The deep black dot lasted only a second before it completely disintegrated and vanished, seemingly incompatible with this universe.</p>
<p>The Primordial Demoness’s Uniqueness and the two Demoness of Apocalypse Beyonder Characteristics were not ejected as a result.</p>
<p>Suddenly, Cheek—clad in Her skeletal dress—reemerged from the void.</p>
<p>She smiled warmly at Lumian and Amon, saying, “Unless all mirror worlds are destroyed, you cannot truly kill me.</p>
<p>“Do you still believe you can defeat me before the wish’s effect ends?”</p>
<p>With that, Cheek’s beautiful eyes shifted to Lumian. “Do you wish to surrender?”</p>
<p>The Primordial Demoness was clearly stalling for time. Once Mr. Fool’s wish expired, She would regain Her status as a bona fide Sequence 0 deity, potentially even surpassing some true gods.</p>
<p>Lumian chuckled, tilting his head to glance at Cheek’s face on the head growing from his left shoulder.</p>
<p>“Since I possess a part of you, how could I not understand your relationship with the mirror world?</p>
<p>“That earlier strike was just to dismantle your other resurrection arrangements.</p>
<p>“As for now…”</p>
<p>Lumian’s blue eyes, framed by Cheek’s encouraging and sweet smile, grew unnervingly vivid. The blood-colored banner between his brows shone even brighter.</p>
<p>Primordial Demoness Cheek suddenly realized something, and Her expression subtly changed.</p>
<p>At the same time, black flames of constrained violence and destruction ignited in Lumian’s gaze.</p>
<p>Curse!</p>
<p>A Demoness’s Curse, driven by the City of Calamity’s power and the Fire of Destruction!</p>
<p>Lumian cursed the Cheek face on the head growing from his left shoulder.</p>
<p>It was both a part of him and a powerful mystical link to Primordial Demoness Cheek, making it one of the best curse mediums.</p>
<p>Thus, Lumian was cursing both himself and Primordial Demoness Cheek!</p>
<p>Behind him, two steel puppets had already undergone transformations.</p>
<p>One appeared to don an illusory black cloak, while the other wore unrealistically dark gloves.</p>
<p>Fooling! Loophole!</p>
<p>Since the Primordial Demoness was currently equivalent to the mirror world itself—Her demise dependent on its destruction—the inverse was also true. To curse the Primordial Demoness was to curse all mirror worlds!</p>
<p>Instantly, Lumian’s entire being ignited, black flames of destruction bursting forth to annihilate all constraints of madness.</p>
<p>This caused the iron-black, symbol-etched skeleton of his body to begin melting rapidly. The blood-soaked violet flames within him were assimilated or consumed.</p>
<p>Lumian’s face twisted uncontrollably in extreme pain. Yet, amidst the agony, he displayed reckless joy, unashamed of his exhilaration.</p>
<p>He looked at Primordial Demoness Cheek and saw the peerless beauty ignited by black flames of Fire of Destruction, burning Her from soul to body.</p>
<p>Primordial Demoness Cheek furrowed Her brow, unable to suppress the sensation of life slipping away and Her divine seat crumbling.</p>
<p>This type of curse might have been manageable when She was still a true god, using Her corresponding authorities to counteract it. However, in Her current state as a King of Angels, She was neither much higher in rank than Lumian nor much stronger—only possessing additional unique qualities.</p>
<p>As Primordial Demoness Cheek was engulfed in the Fire of Destruction, the special mirror world itself was also set ablaze with raging black flames.</p>
<p>All mirror worlds within the astral barrier succumbed to the inferno, melting and collapsing en masse.</p>
<p>Franca, The Hanged Man Alger, and others quickly collected their spoils and fled the mirror world, returning to the ruins.</p>
<p>One by one, the mirrors Franca carried cracked and shattered.</p>
<p>Rather than feeling alarmed, she was delighted.</p>
<p>This was Lumian’s Fire of Destruction!</p>
<p>Within the special mirror world.</p>
<p>As the destructive black flames spread and burned, Amon smiled and shook His head, lifting the seal and departing the soon-to-be-destroyed realm.</p>
<p>Empress Roselle—having been banished to the spirit world—was initially startled, then rejoiced.</p>
<p>At last, She was no longer bound by the special mirror world, nor subject to its owner’s commands.</p>
<p>With Fourth Epoch Trier destroyed, the corresponding seal was undone. She was free to leave the special mirror world and avoid perishing with it.</p>
<p>Amidst the crackling flames consuming Cheek, Her slightly dazed expression shifted to a smile as She said to Lumian, “You’re more ruthless than I expected, even cursing yourself to curse me.”</p>
<p>At this moment, most of Lumian’s body had been consumed by the Fire of Destruction, leaving only the three heads unscathed.</p>
<p>The face of the chaotic vortex still resisted the encroachment of the black flames, but only for a little longer.</p>
<p>Primordial Demoness Cheek flew toward Lumian, trailing a long black flaming tail.</p>
<p>Landing in front of him, She spoke without concealing Her pain yet full of mirth, “We were destined to merge from the beginning. If you hadn’t obtained 0-01 and Medici’s two Conqueror Beyonder characteristics, I wouldn’t have come to meet you today.</p>
<p>“Our battle was merely over control. Now, I admit, you’re well-suited to being Alista Tudor.</p>
<p>“You’ve won. I will voluntarily merge into your body, with you as the dominant consciousness. After all, I’m not ambitious—I only wished to be half of the Original Creator. Even under your control, I’ll still be His half.”</p>
<p>As She spoke, Primordial Demoness Cheek’s body began to disintegrate, regressing into the Uniqueness and Demoness of Apocalypse Beyonder Characteristics that carried Her self-awareness and spiritual imprint into the Cheek face on Lumian’s left shoulder.</p>
<p>This process was irreversible.</p>
<p>At that moment, Primordial Demoness Cheek saw Lumian’s face, illuminated by the burning Fire of Destruction, curl into a mocking smile.</p>
<p>Lumian grinned with satisfaction and said, “Thank you for voluntarily merging.</p>
<p>“But it won’t be long before I die—and you’ll perish with me.”</p>
<p>Hearing the latter part, Primordial Demoness Cheek’s phantom-like, stunning face froze slightly in expression.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
