<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1185.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1176-a-temporary-retreat" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1176: A Temporary Retreat</h2>
<p>Lumian did not pursue Primordial Hunger, just as he had refrained earlier from borrowing the other three powers from Eternal Darkness Amanises to try to kill Primordial Hunger in one strike. Such an action would have triggered the opponent’s survival instincts, helping Him overcome His fear of “Father” and mount a strong resistance, thus exposing the deception.</p>
<p>Reaching this point was sufficient. By the time Primordial Hunger, a Great Old Dominator that relied primarily on instincts, figured out what had just happened and realized the falsity of “Father,” hours or even days would have passed before He returned—still bearing severe injuries.</p>
<p>Lumian’s decision was to immediately rendezvous with Eternal Darkness Amanises. Together, they would confront the already gravely injured Inextinguishable Ravings, aiming to either eliminate Him within ten seconds or inflict wounds so severe that He would no longer dare to return.</p>
<p>At that moment, the Lord of Mysteries Klein imposed the symbolism of Foolishness on the newly materialized body of the Mother Goddess of Depravity.</p>
<p>However, every part of the Mother Goddess of Depravity was in a state of constant New Life, including Her soul, consciousness, spirit, and intellect.</p>
<p>This caused Her to recover Her intellect as soon as She became Foolish, rendering Her immune to the core symbolism of the Lord of Mysteries.</p>
<p>For now, Lumian had no intention of joining the battle between the Pillars. He quickly arrived at the battlefield where Eternal Darkness Amanises and Inextinguishable Ravings were engaged.</p>
<p>The formless Inextinguishable Ravings abruptly vanished, no longer resonating within their minds or affecting their consciousness and spirits.</p>
<p>He had fled the battle to observe from another star dominion, awaiting an opportunity to return. Gravely injured, He chose to follow His survival instincts, avoiding the battlefield where two Great Old Dominators capable of combining into the Fourth Pillar’s power were present.</p>
<p>With the distraction of Inextinguishable Ravings gone, the High-Dimensional Overseer did not linger either. He ascended to the highest dimension, taking advantage of the Celestial Master and Celestial Thearch’s projection having a minimal influence on this domain, and quickly fled the battlefield to hide.</p>
<p>He covertly observed the area, waiting to see if another opportunity might arise.</p>
<p>At this point, Origins of Disaster Lumian and Eternal Darkness Amanises were without opponents.</p>
<p>Their gazes simultaneously turned toward the Mother Goddess of Depravity, whose form was adorned with clouds of swirling crimson moonlight and drifting ash, serving as Her celestial attire.</p>
<p>They prepared to join the battle between the Pillars.</p>
<p>However, they were acutely aware that if the two of them engaged in a fierce fight with the Mother Goddess of Depravity, Inextinguishable Ravings and the High-Dimensional Overseer would inevitably return to this star dominion. Moreover, the Mother Goddess of Depravity would swiftly heal Inextinguishable Ravings, allowing Him to fully unleash His symbolism, which countered collective consciousness and spirits. This could delay them until the Goddess of Fate emerged from the labyrinth, escaped the spirit world, and broke free of Foolishness.</p>
<p>Although the situation had improved compared to before, the crisis was far from over. Additionally, Lumian and Eternal Darkness Amanises needed to remain vigilant over the slumbering Grisha Adam. If anything went awry there, they would have to join forces immediately to kill the Primordial God Almighty before His revival could be completed.</p>
<p>At this moment, they saw Lord of Mysteries Klein take a deliberate step back. His thoughts reverberated through the spirit world, spreading across the star dominion. “Does your contract with the Primordial God Almighty have a deadline for fulfillment?”</p>
<p>Origins of Disaster Lumian and Eternal Darkness Amanises exchanged glances and chose to trust Mr. Fool’s judgment. They did not return to that battlefield but maintained their vigilance.</p>
<p>Despite their precarious advantage, Mr. Fool’s sudden decision to negotiate with the Mother Goddess of Depravity indicated that something problematic was happening in the background!</p>
<p>The Mother Goddess of Depravity stared at Klein for a second before manifesting the various concepts, authorities, and symbolisms comprising the contract in the astral world.</p>
<p>Lord of Mysteries Klein glanced at it, finding the contract drafted by the Primordial God Almighty to be exceptionally tight, leaving no exploitable loopholes.</p>
<p>Smiling, he raised his star-encrusted cane and Replicated the Distortion power originating from the Black Emperor pathway.</p>
<p>A clause in the contract immediately twisted, though it did not yet form a usable loophole.</p>
<p>Almost simultaneously, Klein extended his left hand, gloved in black.</p>
<p>Deceit symbolism!</p>
<p>Under the dual effects, the clause in the contract finally changed: “The time limit is until the conclusion of this event.”</p>
<p>Klein immediately smiled and addressed the Mother Goddess of Depravity, “Why not wait until your period of weakness ends—until you can wield the unique symbolism of the Chaos Primogenitor—before fulfilling the agreement?</p>
<p>“After all, you haven’t yet reclaimed the Uniqueness of the Mother and Moon pathways, nor achieved all your objectives. This means that the current event isn’t over; it’s merely reached halftime.</p>
<p>“There’s no rule stating that a single event can’t last two or three millennia.”</p>
<p>These words, exchanged via telepathic communication, were delivered in an instant.</p>
<p>The Mother Goddess of Depravity’s flawlessly beautiful head turned toward the High-Dimensional Overseer and the Goddess of Fate, who was still ten seconds away from leaving the spirit world. She casually healed Inextinguishable Ravings.</p>
<p>These were the Great Old Dominators who could rejoin the battle within two minutes.</p>
<p>Next, the Mother Goddess of Depravity shifted Her gaze to Origins of Disaster Lumian, Eternal Darkness Amanises, Celestial Master and Celestial Thearch’s projection, and the newly awakened golden Buddha.</p>
<p>Finally, Her eyes landed on the face of Lord of Mysteries Klein, scrutinizing him for a moment.</p>
<p>“Three more seconds before we continue fighting.” Klein’s consciousness transmitted.</p>
<p>After assessing the situation and determining that the chances of victory were slim, the Mother Goddess of Depravity finally made Her decision. Nodding lightly to Lord of Mysteries Klein, She said, “Okay.”</p>
<p>The weakened Pillar wasted no further time. She once again transformed into a crimson moon and vanished into the astral world.</p>
<p>Seeing their Mother leave, the High-Dimensional Overseer and Inextinguishable Ravings also abandoned the fight, retreating rapidly from the star dominion.</p>
<p>On the planet at the edge of the universe, Franca and the others were astonished to see the Outer Deities’ followers retreat like a receding tide, hurriedly leaving behind numerous corpses.</p>
<p>“Is it over?” Unburdened by the sudden loss of pressure, They felt momentarily bewildered.</p>
<p>Red Angel Medici sensed the information filtering through the spirit world. Turning around, He smiled and confirmed, “It’s over.”</p>
<p>Hearing these words, The Star Leonard and the others visibly relaxed. It was as if the sun shone down on Them, and a breeze carrying the scent of grass gently caressed Their faces.</p>
<p>Within the battlefield of the Great Old Ones.</p>
<p>Seeing Lord of Mysteries Klein return, Eternal Darkness Amanises tacitly shrouded the star dominion in deeper darkness, concealing all information to prevent any leaks.</p>
<p>Klein gazed at the shrinking figure of the Celestial Master, the increasingly shadowy projections behind the Celestial Thearch, and the golden Buddha slowly reverting to the Buddhist Kingdom of Light, He sighed and said, “They could only temporarily exhibit power approaching that of the Great Old Ones. I tried to make ‘temporary’ last longer, but it’s still close to ending.</p>
<p>“More importantly, once the fighting becomes intense, the Mother Goddess of Depravity will realize that I’m as weak as She is.”</p>
<p>This was the cost of forcing both the Supernova Dominator and the Goddess of Fate out of the battle in the shortest time possible.</p>
<p>Lumian immediately understood why Mr. Fool had opted to negotiate with the Mother Goddess of Depravity despite having the upper hand. He had helped Her avoid the constraints of the contract.</p>
<p>Given the current situation, if the battle continued, Mr. Fool would be tied up holding off the Mother Goddess of Depravity and unable to intervene elsewhere. The Celestial Master, Celestial Thearch’s projection, and the Key of Light would soon exit the battle. Lumian and Eternal Darkness Amanises would then have to face both the High-Dimensional Overseer and the healed Inextinguishable Ravings. Even as a team, they wouldn’t be able to force either out of the fight within seconds. By then, the Goddess of Fate would return.</p>
<p>“So, you Deceived the Mother Goddess of Depravity to make Her overlook your and the Celestial Master and company’s states?” Eternal Darkness Amanises understood Klein’s choice but didn’t grasp why the Mother Goddess of Depravity had agreed.</p>
<p>Lord of Mysteries Klein shook his head. “She only overlooked my state and was fully aware of the Celestial Master and company’s condition.</p>
<p>“She agreed mainly because She’s in a weakened state and fears suffering another loss against me. Meanwhile, the Celestial Master and company’s problems wouldn’t directly translate into Her ultimate victory. From Her perspective, She knows we still have other measures.”</p>
<p>Hearing this, Eternal Darkness Amanises and Origins of Disaster Lumian both turned to the increasingly unstable projection of the Celestial Thearch.</p>
<p>Indeed, there was still another way.</p>
<p>That was to abandon the Nation of Disorder, letting the High-Dimensional Overseer take and accommodate it. Then, they would unseal Genie from the Magic Wishing Lamp, releasing Him to return to the Nation of Disorder and engage the High-Dimensional Overseer in a battle of consciousness.</p>
<p>In doing so, the High-Dimensional Overseer—no true ally of the other Great Old Ones—would certainly withdraw from the battle and hide in the most secretive location, quietly contending with Genie. Lumian and Amanises would only need to deal with the Goddess of Fate and Inextinguishable Ravings, with a good chance of forcing one of Them out within two minutes.</p>
<p>At that point, even if Supernova Dominator broke free from His seal, the situation would only return to a balanced state.</p>
<p>The problem with this approach was the loss of the Nation of Disorder. They would later have to find the victorious High-Dimensional Overseer or Genie to negotiate terms, ensuring They wouldn’t hinder Roselle’s resurrection.</p>
<p>For Klein, Lumian, and the others, this was a last-resort strategy, but the Mother Goddess of Depravity, a born Great Old Dominator, would see it as an inevitable move.</p>
<p>Given the lack of hope for victory and the chance to avoid the contract’s constraints, the weakened Mother Goddess naturally agreed to a “temporary” truce.</p>
<p>Amanises cast Her gaze toward the still-slumbering Grisha Adam. “There’s still one problem.</p>
<p>“Even in His slumber, it’s no longer possible to stop the Primordial God Almighty’s consciousness from gaining dominance.”</p>
<p>Klein and Grisha Adam had tacitly agreed on how to handle such a situation. With a solemn expression, he signaled Eternal Darkness Amanises to lift the slumber imposed on Grisha Adam.</p>
<p>“I’ll do it,” Lumian volunteered.</p>
<p>Klein glanced at him, then nodded, saying, “Wait a moment.”</p>
<p>He then teleported all the participants back to the original star dominion.</p>
<p>Standing amidst the vast emptiness of the infinite darkness, Klein’s thoughts naturally drifted to the days he had wandered the continent as Merlin, restoring houses and cities one by one.</p>
<p>He removed his silk half top hat, placed it over his chest, and bowed slightly as he said,</p>
<p>“My wish is:</p>
<p>“For this star dominion to be restored to its state at the end of the previous epoch.”</p>
<p>Accompanied by his words, the materials left behind by the Supernova Dominator converged rapidly with the scenes from the fog of history.</p>
<p>Boom!</p>
<p>Dense matter ignited, becoming a blazing star—becoming a sun.</p>
<p>Planets took shape one after another, and beneath Lumian and Amanises lay a green-and-blue orb of exceptional beauty.</p>
<p>Next, Klein made another wish, “My wish is:</p>
<p>“For Earth to be restored to its state before the descent of the Mother Goddess of Depravity.”</p>
<p>One by one, buildings rose swiftly from the ground of the beautiful blue planet. Cities like Backlund, Trier, and Shanghai were rapidly rebuilt. Farmland was reclaimed, and the oceans brimmed with life once more.</p>
<p>Having completed this task, Lord of Mysteries Klein teleported the protection zones and Angels from the planet at the edge of the universe back to their original locations, lifting the barrier and restoring all beings to their rightful places.</p>
<p>Across the land, the sounds of human voices erupted in joyous celebration.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
