<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch179.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-176-property" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 176: Property</h2>
<p>After bidding farewell to Franca, Lumian led Louis and Sarkota back to the café and settled himself into Baron Brignais’s usual spot.</p>
<p>Already awaiting him was René, the manager of Salle de Bal Brise.</p>
<p>In his forties, René had a gaunt face, leaving one to wonder if he was overworked or simply born that way. His light-yellow hairline was receding in a manner similar to the people from Loen.</p>
<p>Despite being an executive directly appointed by Gardner Martin, the boss of the Savoie Mob, René treated Lumian with utmost respect and wore an ingratiating smile.</p>
<p>“Monsieur Ciel, would you care to learn more about the dance hall?”</p>
<p>“Very well.” Lumian reached out to take the stack of reports from René and perused them with unwavering focus.</p>
<p>Standing behind him, Louis and Sarkota couldn’t help but feel like they hardly knew their leader at all once more.</p>
<p>Lumian, a young man hailing from the countryside, possessed an understanding of complex financial statements that was far beyond their comprehension.</p>
<p>They would have been left feeling dizzy and yearning for sleep had they been tasked with such a feat.</p>
<p><em>Can this man both fight and possess a cultured mind? </em>Louis diverted his gaze from the reports, which seemed to possess some kind of “supernatural effect.”</p>
<p>René seized the opportunity to acquaint Lumian with the workings of Salle de Bal Brise.</p>
<p>“On weekdays, we earn a daily income ranging from 1,200 to 1,800 verl d’or. On weekends, that figure can reach as high as 5,000 verl d’or. Typically, it hovers around 4,000…</p>
<p>“Last year, our total income amounted to 645,425 verl d’or and 37 coppet. This year, there has been a slight increase based on current trends, but nothing significant…</p>
<p>“We require 12 bouncers, 4 bartenders, 6 waiters, 3 chefs, 6 kitchen helpers, 3 handymen, 3 dishwashers, 4 cleaners, 1 waiter supervisor, 3 finance staff, 3 alcohol and food procurers, and a carriage driver… Their average annual salary is 1,000 verl d’or. We also provide them with complimentary lunch and dinner, which costs us a total of 53,000 verl d’or.</p>
<p>“As the manager, my annual salary, along with the year-end dividend, amounts to about 7,000 verl d’or.</p>
<p>“As per our agreement with Red Boots, each dancer receives a base salary of 1 verl d’or per day… When they strike a deal with a guest, we take 30%… Transactions usually occur in the rooms on the upper two floors of the dance hall. If they wish to leave, they must settle the fee with the bouncer or the waiter supervisor at the door in advance…</p>
<p>“Wine, champagne, beer, brandy, kilju, absinthe, and various flavors of soda, along with ice and other ingredients, cost us approximately 120,000 verl d’or per year…</p>
<p>“We’ve already purchased this establishment, so there’s no additional rent to be paid…</p>
<p>“When coupled with expenses for horse care, venue maintenance, gas, tap water, singers, and the band, our annual costs sum up to around 230,000 verl d’or…</p>
<p>“Out of the remaining 310,000 verl d’or, the Boss will claim 100,000 verl d’or. We’ll also need 100,000 verl d’or to establish a favorable relationship with the officers at the police headquarters. Monsieur Ciel, you’re left with approximately 110,000 verl d’or. This needs to cover your personal expenses, firearm and ammunition supplies, rewards for your subordinates, as well as compensation for the victims and the injured…</p>
<p>“Sadly, the income of the people in the market district isn’t particularly high; otherwise, we could generate more revenue from alcohol and beverages…”</p>
<p>As Lumian absorbed the details from the report and listened attentively to René’s explanations, a clearer picture of Salle de Bal Brise’s situation formed in his mind.</p>
<p>Inwardly, he couldn’t help but let out a sigh.</p>
<p><em>A mob leader with a profitable enterprise certainly rakes in substantial wealth!</em></p>
<p>According to newspapers, magazines, and the information collected by his sister Aurore, the annual salary of a minister in Intis amounted to a mere 100,000 verl d’or. Although the government provided free housing, basic household items, silverware, and two private carriages, expenses for personal servants and banquets fell on their own pockets.</p>
<p>Of course, Lumian had to reward his subordinates on occasion and allocate funds for compensations and ammunition in case of conflicts. However, there was no need for extravagant living, hiring servants, or hosting lavish banquets.</p>
<p>All in all, he earned a sum similar to that of a minister.</p>
<p>The only difference was that ministers didn’t rely solely on their public salaries for income.</p>
<p>On the other hand, laborers received an annual salary of around 700 verl d’or, while maids earned approximately 480 verl d’or. Construction workers fared only slightly better, with an annual salary of 1,000 verl d’or. Skilled workers brought in a meager 2,500 verl d’or per year, while senior engineers ranged between 10,000 and 20,000 verl d’or annually.</p>
<p><em>Indeed, the “shortcut” to wealth is written within the laws themselves… No wonder Brignais couldn’t bear to let go of this dance hall…</em> Lumian recollected a comment his sister had made.</p>
<p>By saving money and taking care of his subordinates, preventing them from recklessly rushing into battles, he had enough left over each year to purchase a Sequence 6 potion formula and even the corresponding primary ingredients!</p>
<p>Once René finished speaking, Lumian nodded and posed a question, “Why provide the dancers with a base salary?”</p>
<p>It wasn’t that he was reluctant to part with the funds, but rather out of curiosity.</p>
<p>“The dancers under our Savoie Mob are under the control of Red Boots. She insists on a base salary, allowing the dancers to opt-out of additional jobs. If they wish to earn less, they earn less. If they choose to starve, they starve,” René explained. “Apart from Red Boots’s dancers, there are also women who are controlled by figures from the usury business. In the past, Baron Brignais had authority over them all, so there wasn’t any conflict. How should we coordinate matters now?”</p>
<p>Thoughts raced through Lumian’s mind, leading him to notice the resemblances between Franca and his sister Aurore.</p>
<p><em>Could it be because they are part of the same secret organization? However, if it were Aurore, she would have approached it differently. She would have organized protests among the dancers, established an underground school to educate them, and sought alternative paths… If it were me, what would I do?</em> After pondering for a moment, Lumian raised his gaze and addressed René, Louis, and the others.</p>
<p>“For now, let us maintain the current state of affairs. René, assist me in dealing with the police officers during this period. Once I acquaint myself better with our surroundings, I shall engage in fruitful discussions with them.”</p>
<hr />
<p>After altering the passwords of the two mechanical safes and informing Manager René of one as per the established protocol, Lumian made his way back to Auberge du Coq Doré before lunchtime.</p>
<p>He proceeded directly to the fifth floor and rapped on Charlie’s door.</p>
<p>Charlie, who was enjoying a light beer with a nibble of baguette, caught sight of Ciel as soon as he opened the door.</p>
<p>He exclaimed happily, “Where have you been these past couple of days? You didn’t even show up at the bar for a drink.”</p>
<p>Lumian inquired, “There’s a job opportunity. Would you be interested?”</p>
<p>“What kind of job?” Charlie worriedly contemplated his diminishing savings and the bleak prospects of finding new employment.</p>
<p>With a smile, Lumian responded, “How about working as a waiter at Salle de Bal Brise? You don’t have to join the Savoie Mob. You’ll earn 70 verl d’or per month. You can keep the tips, but be aware that folks in the market district aren’t inclined to tip unless you become a woman and are willing to engage with them intimately. Yes, there are also female patrons who seek out waiters for such purposes. You’re experienced in that domain, so there’s no need for further elaboration.”</p>
<p>“Salle de Bal Brise?” Charlie’s eyes widened. “Have you already gained Baron Brignais’s trust?”</p>
<p>To be able to arrange for someone to work as a waiter at Salle de Bal Brise without joining the Savoie Mob!</p>
<p>Lumian simply maintained his smile.</p>
<p>“I don’t need Baron Brignais’s approval. Salle de Bal Brise is now under me.”</p>
<p>“Huh?” Charlie questioned his own hearing.</p>
<p>Lumian clarified, still smiling, “After I eliminated ‘Hammer’ Ait, the Savoie Mob’s leader handed over Salle de Bal Brise to me.”</p>
<p>“Is that so?” Charlie had an epiphany before blurting out in astonishment, “You took down ‘Hammer’ Ait as well?”</p>
<p>Lumian nodded. “Don’t disclose this to anyone. I fear the police might come knocking.”</p>
<p>“…” Charlie was at a loss for words.</p>
<p>After a few seconds, he mumbled, “Perhaps those Poison Spur Mob fellows should pay a visit to the nearby cathedral and pray, see if their luck can change. Ever since you arrived in the market district, their leaders have been dropping like flies. I can’t fathom how they must be feeling now.”</p>
<p>“Great idea,” Lumian commended.</p>
<p>If the leaders of the Poison Spur Mob had the audacity to pray in the Eternal Blazing Sun or the cathedral of the God of Steam and Machinery, the mob would cease to exist.</p>
<p>Of course, Lumian didn’t want them to act so foolishly before Louis Lund visited again.</p>
<p>Charlie pondered for a moment and responded, “Alright, I’ll head over to Salle de Bal Brise in the afternoon. Who should I ask for? Haha, I rarely get to visit the dance hall because I’m always short on cash. Now I can go there every day.”</p>
<p>“Just find Manager René and let him know you’re a tenant at Auberge du Coq Doré,” Lumian replied simply, his gaze shifting to the side.</p>
<p>There were two cleaning ladies nearby. One of them appeared to be in her early fifties, but upon closer inspection, one would think she was only in her forties. She had originally possessed flaxen-colored hair, but she now wore a vibrant blond wig and had applied eye shadow and makeup. This concealed her fine wrinkles to some extent, but couldn’t entirely hide her weariness.</p>
<p>“Who are they?” Lumian inquired of Charlie.</p>
<p>Charlie clicked his tongue and explained, “Don’t you know? Our penny-pinching landlord has changed his ways. He no longer hires someone to clean just once a week. Now he’s opted to have two cleaning ladies work every morning.</p>
<p>“Tell me, tell me, isn’t this a miraculous turn of events? It’s only slightly less fortunate than my own stroke of luck back then!”</p>
<p>Lumian, having just finished perusing Salle de Bal Brise’s financial statements, immediately considered the salary of a cleaning lady.</p>
<p>Around 70 to 80 verl d’or per month.</p>
<p>However, that was for full-time work. This kind of half-day job would cost at most 45 verl d’or.</p>
<p>“Two cleaning ladies working half a day wouldn’t exceed 100 verl d’or per month. Hiring someone for regular cleaning once a week costs 18 verl d’or each time. And Monsieur Ive promised to increase it to twice a week. In other words, it’ll cost 150 verl d’or per month.</p>
<p>“How is this generous? It’s simply meticulous budgeting!” Lumian scoffed.</p>
<p>He suspected that if it weren’t for the fact that a cleaning lady couldn’t finish the entire motel in half a day, no one would take on such a job. Monsieur Ive definitely wouldn’t hire two.</p>
<p>“Is that so?” Charlie scratched his head.</p>
<p>His computational abilities couldn’t keep up with Lumian’s rapid deductions.</p>
<p>As the two cleaning ladies entered a vacant room to rid it of bedbugs, Lumian subtly gestured in their direction with his chin.</p>
<p>“Why is one of them wearing a wig and eye shadow?”</p>
<p><em>What kind of cleaning lady does that?</em></p>
<p>Charlie lowered his voice and said, “I asked about that. Her name is Elodie. She claims to have been a theater actress and says she’s used to dollying herself up like that. And she continues to do so to this day.</p>
<p>“No one knows if she’s telling the truth. When I worked as an attendant at Hôtel du Cygne Blanc, I heard from the kitchen staff that when aging prostitutes are scorned, their only option is to take on tasks like dishwashing and cleaning…”</p>
<p>Lumian recollected Elodie’s appearance and surmised that she must have been quite a beauty in her youth. Whether she had been a theater actress or a woman of the streets had no bearing on her current role as a cleaning lady.</p>
<p>After bidding farewell to Charlie, Lumian made his way to the restaurant on the first floor for a quick meal before taking a public carriage to Avenue du Boulevard.</p>
<p>He intended to inform Mr. K that the mission had been successfully accomplished!</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
