<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch176.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-173-intelligence-on-the-boss" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 173: Intelligence on the Boss</h2>
<p>With her hair tied up in a simple bun, Showy Diva emerged from the shadows of the balcony, her eyes adorned with dark shadows and a mole positioned neatly on her nose.</p>
<p>Curiosity evident in her voice, she asked, “How did you discover me? How did you know it was me?”</p>
<p>Being an Assassin, she had mastered the art of utilizing darkness and shadows to conceal her presence. Until now, no one had ever detected her in her previous encounters, making this the first time she had been discovered.</p>
<p>Lumian scoffed in response.</p>
<p>“Next time you plan on assassinating someone, remember not to wear perfume.”</p>
<p>After reminding Jenna, he jokingly pointed towards the door of Room 207 and said, “I thought you would enter the room yourself, but instead, you waited so politely on the balcony. It’s unlike you.”</p>
<p>“Dammit, I’ve always been polite!” Jenna retorted, feeling a hint of anger at the accusation.</p>
<p>After a brief pause, she muttered, “You’re cold, sinister, cunning, and devious. You might have set a trap in the room, waiting for someone to walk into it.”</p>
<p>While speaking, Jenna glanced at Lumian and indignantly said, “I understand how you guessed that I’m an Assassin!</p>
<p>“First, you connected the dots from the perfect infiltration route I provided. Then, you deliberately probed me. Fuck, if I had been calmer, you would have said, ‘Haha, I’m joking.’”</p>
<p>“Madame Jenna, your reflex arc is a little long,” Lumian laughed.</p>
<p>“What ‘Madame’ or ‘Miss.’ You’re not one to be polite either. Just call me Jenna,” she controlled her urge to curse and curiously asked, “What’s a reflex arc?”</p>
<p>She had a feeling it wasn’t something favorable, but she couldn’t quite grasp its meaning.</p>
<p><em>Miss, did you complete your compulsory education?</em> Lumian criticized. As he opened the door, he casually explained, “For instance, you, Franca, Baron Brignais, and ‘Hammer’ Ait hear me telling a joke simultaneously. Franca and Baron Brignais burst into laughter instantly, but it takes you a whole day to find me and say, ‘Haha, how funny.’”</p>
<p>“Dammit! You bastard!” Jenna finally realized she had been mocked.</p>
<p>Following Lumian into Room 207, she asked in confusion, “What about ‘Hammer’ Ait? Why isn’t he laughing?”</p>
<p>Lumian turned his head and solemnly glanced at her.</p>
<p>“Dead people don’t laugh.”</p>
<p>Jenna was momentarily taken aback before she burst into laughter, her body swaying slightly.</p>
<p>“You, haha, you truly have a sense of humor…” She intermittently expressed amidst her laughter.</p>
<p>Lumian ignited the carbide lamp in the room and settled on the edge of the bed. He inquired, “What brings you to Auberge du Coq Doré?”</p>
<p>“I’ve come to retrieve my gun!” Jenna shut the door behind her and dragged over the old, worn armchair. Placing it in front of her, she sat down, resting her elbows on the backrest.</p>
<p>Her eyes sparkled with curiosity she couldn’t conceal.</p>
<p>“So, you managed to eliminate ‘Hammer’ Ait. You’re even more formidable than I had imagined!</p>
<p>“But don’t tell me how you did it just yet. Let me take a guess.</p>
<p>“You… asked me about the size of the washroom. That means you intended to exploit the environment there.</p>
<p>“Fuck! I’ve got it, I’ve got it! You have that pervert’s sedative on hand. It’s perfect for a place like the washroom. It’s like trapping a pigeon!</p>
<p>“Dammit, I can imagine ‘Hammer’ Ait’s desperate expression as he struggled, realizing his strength was dwindling. The thugs outside couldn’t enter, and they didn’t dare to shoot randomly…”</p>
<p>The more Jenna spoke, the more animated she became, as if she were the one who had carried out the assassination of “Hammer” Ait.</p>
<p>“At least you have some wits about you,” Lumian begrudgingly acknowledged.</p>
<p>“Heh!” Jenna waved her hand and peered at Lumian. “What I can’t figure out is why you weren’t affected by the sedative. Did you smell that bottle of ‘shit’ beforehand? Can its effects last that long?”</p>
<p>Lumian simply smiled.</p>
<p>“I recall something you once said. Avoid seeing what I shouldn’t, hearing what I shouldn’t, and asking questions I shouldn’t.”</p>
<p>“…” Jenna glared at Lumian in frustration and refrained from further probing.</p>
<p>Lumian produced her compact revolver and tossed it to her.</p>
<p>Jenna caught it deftly and let out a chuckle.</p>
<p>“You didn’t even dare to come up to me and return it in person?”</p>
<p>She smacked her lips and clicked her tongue.</p>
<p>“Is there something about me that frightens you?”</p>
<p>In that moment, she felt as if she had returned to teasing Lumian when they first met.</p>
<p>Lumian appraised her.</p>
<p>“You’re quite audacious to enter a male stranger’s room dressed like this in the middle of the night.”</p>
<p>Jenna was dressed as she typically would for her evening performances. Her white blouse revealed a generous amount of her chest, and her off-white fluffy short skirt didn’t provide much coverage as her legs spread on either side of the backrest.</p>
<p>Jenna deliberately covered her mouth and let out a soft chuckle.</p>
<p>“I was defenseless down in the underground, yet you didn’t make a move, let alone now.</p>
<p>“Do you still hold onto your virginity? Need some help? A mature and beautiful sister can show you the wonders of the adult world.”</p>
<p>As she spoke, she intentionally lowered her body, revealing her cleavage to Lumian.</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t flinch and observed calmly.</p>
<p><em>Who would be frightened by such a thing?</em></p>
<p>Jenna’s expectation of a fleeting gaze and a flushed expression from Lumian gradually transformed into discomfort.</p>
<p>She sat up straight and muttered, “Lame, coward…”</p>
<p>In the next instant, Lumian stood up abruptly.</p>
<p>Jenna’s expression underwent a sudden change.</p>
<p>“What are you planning to do?”</p>
<p>Lumian’s lips curled into a smirk as he turned toward the wooden table.</p>
<p>“Just pouring some light beer. Fancy a glass?”</p>
<p>Auberge du Coq Doré didn’t offer the option of boiling water. The tenants either drank tap water or resorted to light beer as a substitute.</p>
<p>“…No, thanks.” Jenna let out a relieved sigh.</p>
<p>Lumian took a few swigs of light beer and redirected the conversation.</p>
<p>“How can you be so certain that you’re older than me?”</p>
<p>“I saw your wanted poster at Franca’s. Well, hello there, Lumian. You’re not even 18 yet, while I’ve already reached 21!” Jenna’s satisfaction started to surface.</p>
<p>“Is your mental age only 12?” Lumian taunted before inquiring, “How did you come to know the infiltration route to that room?”</p>
<p><em>Franca had long harbored the desire to carry out an assassination against the Poison Spur Mob?</em></p>
<p>Jenna pursed her lips and replied, “I’ve been gathering intelligence for nearly a month, awaiting the perfect opportunity to assassinate Margot. But you beat me to it.”</p>
<p>Margot had previously overseen the Salle de Gristmill.</p>
<p>“Do you hold a grudge against Margot?” Lumian asked.</p>
<p>“He didn’t do anything to me.” Jenna lowered her gaze slightly. “When I first arrived in the market district, searching for singing opportunities in various dance halls, I encountered another Showy Diva singer. She was a few years older than me and took me under her wing. She even helped refine my singing and guided me towards a chance to perform. Over a month ago, Margot violated her. Fucking dammit, did he think all Showy Divas were open for his taking? Afterwards, she left the market district. I later heard she was committed to an asylum…</p>
<p>“That was when I pleaded with Franca to obtain Beyonder powers and assist her.”</p>
<p>Lumian fell silent for a few moments before speaking again.</p>
<p>“You see, one mustn’t hesitate. When I made up my mind to kill Margot that morning, I carried out the deed that very night.”</p>
<p>Jenna found herself both enraged and entertained.</p>
<p>“Well, everyone has their own style!”</p>
<p>Lumian changed the subject.</p>
<p>“Tomorrow morning, Baron Brignais will take me to meet the Boss. Do you have any insights on what kind of person he is?”</p>
<p>Jenna pondered for a moment before responding.</p>
<p>“I’ve never met him personally, but I’ve heard Franca mention a few things.</p>
<p>“He resides in Quartier de la Cathédrale Commémorative. He’s a bit of a pervert and has a fondness for women, but he’s not twisted. His tastes are quite fucking normal, and every one of his partners matches Franca’s preferences.</p>
<p>“He’s a merchant by trade. He owns a depot near the steam locomotive station and holds significant shares in the nearby Rist docks. He also runs a freight company and a construction firm, providing employment opportunities for many Savoyards.</p>
<p>“You might not know this, but when the Poison Spur Mob first gained power, they had a major conflict with the Savoie Mob. All the laborers from the depot and the dock workers took to the streets. It was like a protest!”</p>
<p><em>A considerable number of people. If armed, they could form an army..</em>. Lumian motioned for Jenna to continue.</p>
<p>Jenna pulled her collar up slightly.</p>
<p>“Franca mentioned that he’s quite amiable, even with common laborers. Don’t be deceived by his appearance. His goal is to make others drop their guard around him.</p>
<p>He’s cunning and highly intelligent. He enjoys playing mind games with others. Don’t provoke him, or Franca won’t be able to protect you.</p>
<p>“He wields significant power. It seems he’s adept at fire manipulation and possesses some mystical artifact.”</p>
<p><em>Adept at fire manipulation… A Sequence 7 Pyromaniac of the Hunter pathway? No, Franca mentioned that he’s incredibly powerful, and Franca is likely a Sequence 7 Witch of the Demoness pathway. If she made such an assessment, it’s probable that the boss of the Savoie Mob is more than just a Sequence 7…</em></p>
<p><em>The Poison Spur Mob’s “Black Scorpion” Roger is the boss with a boon equivalent to a Sequence 7. A Heretic Spellmaster might not necessarily defeat a Witch. Franca could easily be a mob boss herself, yet she willingly becomes this person’s mistress. I wonder if she has ulterior motives or if his strength and background truly surpass Franca’s?</em> Lumian’s thoughts raced as he analyzed the situation.</p>
<p>Jenna stood up.</p>
<p>“You better dress like a man tomorrow. Don’t be like Baron Brignais. The Boss prefers aggressive subordinates who resemble wolfdogs.”</p>
<p>“Is that so…” Lumian scoffed. “I’m afraid I’ll appear overly aggressive.”</p>
<p>Jenna rolled her eyes.</p>
<p>“That’s right. You saved my life, yet there are times when I can’t help but want to slap you!</p>
<p>“Anyway, don’t go too far.”</p>
<p>She reattached her holster to her calf and headed towards the door, yawning openly.</p>
<p>“I’m heading back now. Sigh, I won’t be able to perform at the Salle de Gristmill for the time being.</p>
<p>“Why do you still live in such a lousy room?”</p>
<p>Although her own accommodations weren’t great either, they were still much better than Auberge du Coq Doré.</p>
<p>Lumian smirked once again.</p>
<p>“This is my turf.”</p>
<p>“Heh!” Jenna didn’t say anything further. She entered the dimly lit corridor and vanished from sight.</p>
<p>Lumian freshened up and settled into bed. Thoughts of meeting the boss of the Savoie Mob the next day gradually lulled him into sleep.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
