<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch171.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-168-prayer-target" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 168: Prayer Target</h2>
<p>As Lumian made his way, his nimbleness served him well in evading servers bustling with trays of food and busboys returning used utensils.</p>
<p>He pressed forward until he reached the kitchen, only to find it in complete disarray.</p>
<p>Stacks of unwashed utensils lay haphazardly in the sink, coated in layers of greasy oil. Two dishwashing maids stood by, tirelessly scrubbing away at the never-ending pile of dishes.</p>
<p>The stoves emitted fierce yellow flames, turning the small space into a sweltering inferno. Sweat poured down everyone’s faces as they toiled away.</p>
<p>Three chefs, adorned in white aprons, each prepared their own dishes. They would occasionally taste their concoctions by dipping their fingers in the sauces or sampling a morsel, wiping their hands casually on their aprons before moving on to the next dish.</p>
<p>Once the chefs approved, the servers would whisk the plates away, oblivious to the fact that their thumbs often grazed the food and thick soups. They paid no mind to it whatsoever.</p>
<p>The kitchen helpers scurried around the chefs, chopping vegetables, handling fish, tidying up ingredients, taking out the trash, and fetching various seasonings and supplies. They never ceased their efforts, yet the kitchen remained in disarray. Vegetable leaves, fish scales, and fruit peels were strewn about, oily and scattered across the floor, near the stoves, and close to the sink.</p>
<p>The clamor of the chefs and kitchen helpers filled the air with shouts and curses, creating a chaotic symphony.</p>
<p>Lumian could easily mistake it for a battlefield if he closed his eyes and listened closely.</p>
<p>Taking advantage of the chaotic scene, Lumian deftly navigated through the busy crowd and reached the cabinet brimming with ingredients. Using partitions, handles, and the grayish-white gas and water pipes, he skillfully ascended to the ceiling and slipped into the ventilation shaft.</p>
<p>The overpowering smell of oil and smoke assailed Lumian’s senses, nearly overwhelming him.</p>
<p>But with the tolerance of an Alms Monk toward extreme environments, he pushed himself forward, crawling through the ventilation shaft and occasionally climbing higher.</p>
<p>After about ten seconds, he poked his head out from above a second-floor washroom.</p>
<p>Ensuring the coast was clear, Lumian agilely leaped down and swiftly made his way to the door, carefully scanning both ends of the corridor in secrecy.</p>
<p>The area was eerily silent, with only two henchmen guarding the stairs, their focus solely on the first floor. They paid no mind to what lay behind them.</p>
<p>Relieved, Lumian let out a sigh and pinpointed his target. Crouching down, he leaped to the adjacent room.</p>
<p>Although the door was locked, Lumian encountered no obstacle he couldn’t overcome. Utilizing a half-broken wire he had brought along, he managed to pry open the wooden door after a few attempts.</p>
<p>Just as Jenna had described, the washroom attached to “Hammer” Ait’s room lacked a protruding window sill. It only had a decorative ledge, barely providing enough space to stand on its side.</p>
<p>Even for a Hunter, leaping from the window sill to the narrow ledge posed a significant challenge, demanding perfect balance.</p>
<p>Fortunately, Lumian possessed the extraordinary flexibility of a Dancer, almost surpassing human limits.</p>
<p>After careful observation, he jumped up and landed precisely on the ledge with his right foot. His left side wavered, threatening to tip him over.</p>
<p>In a crucial moment, Lumian’s body quivered like a coiled spring, propelling him back toward the washroom. He swiftly grasped the window frame with his right hand, regaining stability.</p>
<p>Squatting down, he revealed only half of his head, peering silently into the room.</p>
<p>The washroom door stood ajar, and occasional mobsters passed by.</p>
<p>Lumian exercised patience, studying their movements until he discerned a pattern. Seizing the opportune gap when the washroom door was momentarily unattended, he skillfully pried open the window using Hedsey’s dagger and clambered inside.</p>
<p>Maintaining composure and confidence, he swiftly closed the glass window before hurrying to the space beneath the bathtub, concealing himself with the undrawn curtains.</p>
<p>Lumian, having successfully infiltrated the premises, arranged his few essential items in easily accessible positions. He took a moment to double-check their locations, ensuring he wouldn’t fumble in a state of panic.</p>
<p>Standing there motionless, he strained his ears to catch the activities in the adjacent room.</p>
<p>“Hammer” Ait occasionally inquired about their recent earnings to the dance hall manager, scolded his subordinates with anger, or engaged in flirtatious exchanges with the star dancer, accompanied by seemingly intimate gestures.</p>
<p>After a while, when the dance hall manager and the star dancer departed, Ait seemed to rise from his seat and began pacing slowly.</p>
<p>He addressed the mobsters in the room, saying, “In the following days, send out all your boys and have them ‘visit’ every individual within our territory. I want you to ensure that we know who can be elected as the market district’s member of parliament in next week’s election!”</p>
<p>Oh, so your mob is meddling in the parliamentary elections? Lumian felt a mixture of surprise and lack thereof.</p>
<p>The growth of Trier’s mobs was impossible without some form of backing. They either maintained favorable relations with the police department and influential figures within it, enjoyed protection from powerful political figures, or acted as the black-gloved enforcers for influential merchants. The latter undoubtedly had connections to high-ranking government officials, upper echelons of the Churches, and military generals.</p>
<p>Lumian had never anticipated that the mastermind behind the Poison Spur Mob possessed the audacity to vie for a parliamentary seat. He had initially assumed their ambitions would extend no further than becoming the market district’s police commissioner or a member of the Trier City Council.</p>
<p>Intis functioned as a parliamentary republic, where members of parliament represented various constituencies and formed the National Convention. This Convention held the authority to appoint the president, prime minister, who in turn appointed ministers—although their decisions required approval from the Convention.</p>
<p>The National Convention also possessed the power to legislate, declare war, and determine the government’s budget. Each member of parliament held considerable influence and authority.</p>
<p>At present, the National Convention consisted of over 300 individuals, with one-tenth of them being former nobles. The Sauron family, once part of the royal lineage, served as their leaders. The remaining seats were allocated based on the economic status of different provinces and territories, particularly the prosperous Trier Greater Region.</p>
<p>Trier, whether in terms of population or economic prowess, stood unrivaled in Intis and the Greater Trier Region. It held nearly 40 seats in the National Convention.</p>
<p>These approximately 40 seats were distributed among 20 districts, accommodating as few as one member of parliament or as many as four to five. These representatives also held ex officio positions as councilors in the City Council.</p>
<p>The Le Marché du Quartier du Gentleman, a relatively small constituency, possessed only one seat in the National Convention. The individual chosen to fill this seat would wield immense power and influence within the region.</p>
<p>Currently, the ruling National Party, the popular Enlightenment Party, and the Revolutionary Party, seeking to address existing flaws, were vigorously preparing for the upcoming National Convention elections.</p>
<p>The party that secured a simple majority in the Convention would become the new ruling party. Otherwise, they would have to negotiate, compromise, and form a coalition with another party.</p>
<p>In addition to the National Party, the Enlightenment Party, and the Revolutionary Party, Intis also had the Emperor Party (restorationists who advocated Roselle’s rule) and the Carbonari. They voiced discontentment with the current system and sought to bring about change through force.</p>
<p>The mobsters replied one after another, assuring “Hammer” Ait that nothing would go awry.</p>
<p>However, they remained tight-lipped about which faction or candidate they supported, leaving Lumian feeling a sense of disappointment.</p>
<p><em>Tell me!</em></p>
<p>After briefing them on the election, “Hammer” Ait instructed his subordinates, saying, “Leave for a while. Return only when I summon you.”</p>
<p><em>What is his plan?</em> Lumian’s eavesdropping had taken him by surprise.</p>
<p>Soon enough, the mobsters vacated the room, leaving “Hammer” Ait alone.</p>
<p>Lumian refrained from taking immediate action. After careful analysis, he believed that the confrontation between him and Hammer Ait in the washroom would have a more targeted impact than engaging outside, even without resorting to the use of Fallen Mercury.</p>
<p>The room beyond fell into an eerie silence. Lumian strained his ears and managed to catch faint voices.</p>
<p>It seemed like “Hammer” Ait was muttering to himself, “Protector of Evil People… The Lady who Births Deities…”</p>
<p><em>The Lady who Births Deities? That sounds impressive… Is Ait praying to some secret entity? There are about four or five sentences, and it’s more of a description? It deviates from the usual three-stanza template…</em> Lumian made a rough guess at what “Hammer” Ait was up to.</p>
<p>As for whom he was praying to, Lumian couldn’t even begin to speculate based on the fragmented description he barely heard.</p>
<p>It lay beyond the scope of his current knowledge in mysticism.</p>
<p>Lumian felt a vague sense of malevolence emanating from the room outside.</p>
<p>Indeed, it was as if the room itself had turned wicked.</p>
<p>Holding his breath, Lumian composed himself, refraining from listening to the turmoil outside.</p>
<p>After a while, the sinister atmosphere dissipated, and everything returned to normal.</p>
<p>Lumian let out a slow exhale, heating up his palm.</p>
<p>At that moment, “Hammer” Ait summoned his subordinates, who had previously left the room, to return.</p>
<p>Lumian continued to bide his time.</p>
<p>Seconds turned into minutes until finally, he heard the heaviest footsteps approaching the washroom.</p>
<p>They belonged to “Hammer” Ait. Lumian had already distinguished their sound.</p>
<p>Swiftly, he retrieved a metal canister marked with a symbol.</p>
<p>Unscrewing the cap, he inserted a thin, pre-kneaded paper ball into the bottle.</p>
<p>Seconds before the footsteps drew near the washroom, Lumian retrieved the paper ball and twisted the cap shut.</p>
<p>He then tore the paper ball in two and inserted each piece into his nostrils.</p>
<p>The stench, reminiscent of fermented excrement, assaulted Lumian’s senses, nearly bringing him to tears. His right hand instinctively moved to remove the thin paper ball.</p>
<p>With great resolve and the endurance of an Alms Monk accustomed to extreme environments, Lumian exercised control. His expression contorted, and his muscles twitched ever so slightly as he stood there, retrieving another metal canister filled mostly with gas. He unscrewed its cap.</p>
<p><em>Clang!</em></p>
<p>“Hammer” Ait shut the washroom door and approached the toilet bowl.</p>
<p>The space now became partially enclosed. Only the gaps between the door and windows allowed a hint of fresh air to seep in.</p>
<p><em>Yes, a gruesome encounter awaits him…</em> Lumian observed the fluctuations in his target’s luck, silently tossing the open metal canister into the air, allowing the colorless and odorless gas within to disperse and fill the washroom.</p>
<p>This was the sedative concocted by the perverted Hedsey. Even catching a whiff of it at close range could severely weaken an Assassin’s strength!</p>
<p>It was ideal for a confined, partially enclosed space like the washroom.</p>
<p>This was the trap Lumian had set for “Hammer” Ait!</p>
<p>Of course, it would take some time for the gas to spread throughout the washroom and take effect to a certain extent. After all, Lumian himself wasn’t breathing it in at close proximity.</p>
<p>What Lumian needed to do next was to prevent “Hammer” Ait from leaving the washroom or allow anyone outside to open the door.</p>
<p>He placed the open metal canister by the edge of the bathtub and retrieved Jenna’s revolver, aiming it at the toilet bowl through the curtain.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
