<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch178.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-175-hidden-blade" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 175: Hidden Blade</h2>
<p>Lumian stepped into the room, shutting the door behind him, the dark-red wood closing off the outside world. He turned to Franca and asked, “Are you here to see the baron or me?”</p>
<p>Franca leaned back in the chair, stretching her body.</p>
<p>However, the swivel chair tilted slightly, leaving the ground and wobbling uncertainly.</p>
<p>“Care to guess why I’m here? For you or him?” Her voice cut through the air, clear and distinct, in stark contrast to her elegant appearance and demeanor. “Gardner initially wanted you to be Brignais’s deputy, to see if you were capable of handling more than just fighting. I told him then that Brignais hasn’t been very obedient lately.”</p>
<p>Lumian nodded, a sudden realization dawning on him. Aurore was right. A comment made in bed could play a significant role…</p>
<p>His confusion from earlier, on Rue des Fontaines, began to dissipate. How could the boss be so generous as to take away one of Baron Brignais’s most prized “property” and hand it over to an outsider like him?</p>
<p>Salle de Bal Brise was the most popular dance hall in the entire market district!</p>
<p>Initially, Lumian had contemplated mocking Franca’s masculine sitting posture, but the thought of her true gender made him reconsider. He clicked his tongue and remarked, “So, I should be thanking you?”</p>
<p>“No need for that. After all, you saved Jenna,” Franca replied, smiling as she shook her right foot on her left ankle. “I came here for two reasons. First, I wanted to assure you that I understand the distinction between kindness and animosity. I will surely repay kindness. Second, I wanted to warn you not to harbor any intentions toward Jenna.”</p>
<p>The latter half of her sentence carried a clear warning that she would seek revenge for any offense.</p>
<p>Lumian couldn’t help but chuckle.</p>
<p>“Are you lacking confidence? If you manage to make Jenna infatuated with you, nothing I do will change her feelings.”</p>
<p>Had Lumian not known about the potential gender transformation through the Demoness pathway, he might have taunted Franca, asking if her confidence solely relied on her dick. He might have mocked her insecurity and her need to caution an unrelated individual. What did she think Jenna was? Someone who would easily change her heart? Lumian could almost visualize Jenna treating Franca as a friend rather than a lover.</p>
<p>Gradually, Franca’s smile faded. She withdrew her feet and rose from her chair.</p>
<p>Despite being slightly shorter than Lumian, she stood at an impressive height of almost 1.75 meters, a rarity among Intisian women.</p>
<p>Franca circled the desk, drawing closer to Lumian. A smirk formed on her lips as she said, “If you’re in need of women, I can introduce you to some of my top dancers. And if they don’t catch your fancy, how about me?”</p>
<p>As she spoke, she gently hooked her hand around Lumian’s chin, lowering it slowly.</p>
<p>Lumian’s heart remained calm, undisturbed like a still lake. The realization that this woman may have once been a man had extinguished any desire within him. He simply resisted, firmly gripping Franca’s right hand and offering a smile.</p>
<p>“I’m afraid the boss would have me sleeping with the fishes at the bottom of the Srenzo River.”</p>
<p>Changing the topic, Lumian continued, “So, you swing both ways? Men and women?”</p>
<p>Franca withdrew her hand, straightened up, and offered a smile.</p>
<p>“I used to fancy girls exclusively, but after giving it a try with a man, I realized it’s not half bad. It brings about a different sensation.</p>
<p>“Life’s too short to impose limits upon oneself. Break free from unnecessary restrictions and explore. You’ll have more fun and live a truly different life.”</p>
<p>It seems as if Franca had indeed been a man in the past. Is she now a Sequence 7 Witch? And why did her last sentence sound so familiar? In the midst of his pondering, Lumian responded to Franca,</p>
<p>“I don’t hold any special feelings for Jenna, nor do I intend to. I have far more pressing matters to attend to.”</p>
<p>“Very well.” Franca strode toward the door.</p>
<p>Just as her hand reached for the handle, Lumian’s memory was suddenly jogged, and he finally recalled the source of Franca’s words.</p>
<p>It had been mentioned by Aurore in his dream!</p>
<p>She spoke of a member of the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society who had contemplated the idea of becoming an Assassin and had consumed the corresponding potion. However, at the Witch Sequence, he found himself in a quandary, unsure whether to undergo a gender transformation. Another member of the society had advised him, saying, “Life is short, why not give it a try?””</p>
<p>It was the very essence of what Franca had condensed into those words!</p>
<p>Lumian’s heart stirred as he gazed upon Franca’s graceful figure. He spoke in a deep, resonant voice, “Life is short, why not give it a try?”</p>
<p>Franca’s hand froze on the doorknob, and she stood there, as if struck by lightning.</p>
<p>After a few seconds, she spun around, locking her gaze with Lumian’s, her voice tinged with anxiety.</p>
<p>“Who are you? What’s your code name?”</p>
<p><em>This reaction… It appears my guess was correct!</em> Lumian felt a surge of delight followed by a sinking feeling in his heart.</p>
<p>“I’m Muggle’s brother.”</p>
<p>Upon hearing Ciel accurately mention the code name of one of the members of the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society, Franca breathed a sigh of relief and said,</p>
<p>“I’m not sure if your sister mentioned me, but my code name is Hidden Blade. I belong to the same secret organization as her. No, she must have mentioned me! Otherwise, you wouldn’t be familiar with that phrase. Damn it all, what the hell is happening!”</p>
<p>Lumian shut his eyes and spoke with a resolute tone, “She never mentioned your code name or identity because I chose the Hunter pathway. When she reminded me about the neighboring Demoness pathway and its potential for gender transformation, she used your experience as an example.”</p>
<p>“So, you do know…” Franca felt a strong urge to disappear into the depths of the sewers.</p>
<p>Despite having adapted to her current form and overcoming her self-imposed limitations, her newfound enjoyment with men was contingent upon her previous gender remaining a secret.</p>
<p>The notion that Ciel knew about her past as a man, and her penchant for intimate relations with men, ignited a dangerous thought within her.</p>
<p><em>The dead can keep secrets… The dead will forget… The dead won’t mock me…</em></p>
<p>After a few seconds, Franca let out a slow exhale and said, “It would be wise for you to forget this. If you weren’t Muggle’s brother, I would have ensured your permanent disappearance.”</p>
<p>At that moment, she projected her true, masculine side, casting her gaze toward the future.</p>
<p>“Let me enlighten you about the Hunter pathway. It, too, involves a gender change. I paid a steep price to acquire this knowledge. Unlike Demonesses, Hunters transition from women to men. It likely occurs at Sequence 4. When the time comes, I will switch paths, become a Hunter, and reclaim my male form!”</p>
<p><em>Is that so… Hunters symbolize males, while Demonesses represent females? No wonder they are neighboring paths… </em>Lumian restrained his emotions and let out a chuckle.</p>
<p>“When that time arrives, how will you face the men you were once intimately involved with?”</p>
<p>Franca’s expression turned smug as she unveiled her well-devised plan.</p>
<p>“I will administer them the Witch potion. If they are Beyonders unable to transition to the Demoness pathway, I will find a way to transform the characteristics of a Witch Bounded characteristic into mystical items for them to wear. And then, when the time is ripe, hehe…”</p>
<p><em>Madame, you’re somewhat deranged…</em> Lumian dared not further provoke the Red Boots.</p>
<p>This individual seemed capable of anything!</p>
<p>As he expected, Franca issued a threat, “I’ll emphasize once again, it’s in your best interest to forget about this matter and refrain from harboring any intentions toward Jenna. Otherwise, I will apprehend you and force the Witch potion down your throat! Though Sequence 7 may not grant the ability to switch pathways, it does make one even more dangerous. It might not result in half-crazed madness or loss of control.”</p>
<p>Visualizing such a scenario, Lumian hastened to nod and made a solemn pledge, “You are my sister’s friend. I will surely keep your secret.”</p>
<p>Franca relaxed and inquired about Muggle, “Where is Muggle? Is she also in Trier? Is she strikingly beautiful in reality?”</p>
<p>Lumian fell into silence. After a few seconds, he spoke in a hoarse voice, “She passed away. You must have seen the wanted posters. In that calamity, she…”</p>
<p>Franca parted her lips, but no words escaped them.</p>
<p>She returned to Lumian’s side and gently patted his shoulder, offering solace.</p>
<p>After a moment, Franca dabbed at the corners of her eyes and spoke, “Ever since I became a woman, it seems my tear ducts have become more active… I can’t fathom that Muggle departed from us so suddenly. Whenever we gathered, she exuded gentleness, brilliance, humor, and kindness. Though I’ve never laid eyes on her true form, I believe she must be incredibly beautiful…”</p>
<p>With a regained composure, Lumian gazed at Franca and said, “Madame Hidden Blade, I request that you keep this matter under wraps for the time being. Do not divulge it to other members of your organization. It could impact my investigation into the truth behind the catastrophe.”</p>
<p>In a slightly nasal tone, Franca replied, “No problem.”</p>
<p>Lumian observed Franca’s shimmering eyes resembling tranquil lakes and contemplated before posing his next question, “How many encounters did you have with my sister over the past year?”</p>
<p>“Only once. Why do you ask?” Franca inquired, puzzled.</p>
<p>Lumian continued, “Did she exhibit any peculiar behavior or interact with any unusual individuals?”</p>
<p>“No,” Franca shook her head. “It was a regular gathering where we exchanged knowledge of mysticism and traded items. We belong to different factions—she’s part of the Academy, and I am affiliated with the Sanctuary. Our gatherings rarely coincide.”</p>
<p>Lumian refrained from further inquiries. Seeking to gain something from the situation, he spoke with a mindset of extracting information, “Madame Hidden Blade, I am currently studying the grimoire left behind by my sister, but there are numerous sections that elude my understanding. Might I seek your guidance?”</p>
<p>“Certainly,” Franca disclosed her address. “I reside in the penthouse at 3 Rue des Blouses Blanches, Room 601. You can find me during Jenna’s performances. Every evening, unless I am at Rue des Fontaines or visiting various dance halls, I will be at home. Also, please refrain from using my code name. Just refer to me as Franca.”</p>
<p><em>Why does it feel like we’re engaged in a clandestine affair behind Jenna’s back…</em> Lumian criticized inwardly, feeling perplexed. He voiced his puzzlement, “Franca, you possess the backing of that secret organization, and you are not lacking in strength yourself. Why did you join the mob?”</p>
<p>Franca grinned and playfully winked her left eye. “Secret.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
