<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch186.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-183-three-items" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 183: Three Items</h2>
<p>Upon entering the basement, Lumian’s eyes immediately fell upon three silver plates holding the items.</p>
<p>There was an unassuming white glove, a pair of gold-rimmed glasses with a tea-colored tint, and a shiny golden button.</p>
<p>Observing Lumian’s interest in the mystical objects, Mr. K, seated in a red armchair, introduced them in a low, raspy voice, “That glove is Circus. It grants you some weak but peculiar mystical abilities. It can conjure a gust of wind, create fog, and use bursts of light to mess with your target’s vision. By touching them, you can freeze your enemies. You can also open most doors without a key. It can even guide you through solid walls.</p>
<p>“These techniques suit your need for mysticism, but remember, carrying it will make you lose your way more often. And sometimes, getting lost brings misfortune.</p>
<p>“Price is 18,000 verl d’or.”</p>
<p><em>Sounds like the Sequence 8 Trickmaster of the Apprentice pathway mentioned in Aurore’s grimoires… Although the powers aren’t formidable, if used as support alongside traps or my close combat skills and revolver shots, they can yield miraculous results.</em> Lumian found solace in the positive effects of the Circus glove, compensating for his lack of mysticism and helplessness in certain situations.</p>
<p>However, the negative effects were dire. For Hunters who relied on tracking and pathfinding, losing their way frequently meant losing their strengths entirely. Misfortune could strike at any moment, even without wearing the glove. Merely having it in his pocket would affect Lumian.</p>
<p>Mr. K shifted his attention to the brown, gold-rimmed glasses and addressed Lumian, “Do you remember the painting from the gathering?”</p>
<p><em>Painting?</em> Lumian’s mind immediately conjured the image of the dizzying oil painting.</p>
<p>The painting, reputedly created by a Beyonder before his demise, boasted vibrant colors, a peculiar pattern, and a hallucinatory scene. It seemed as if the artist had descended into madness before his death.</p>
<p>“I do.” Lumian nodded.</p>
<p>Mr. K continued, “After the painting’s owner passed away, his Beyonder attributes together with a strange power fused into his glasses, creating a unique mystical item.</p>
<p>“It allows the wearer to perceive things invisible to the naked eye. Occasionally, one can glimpse the truth of this world to some extent…”</p>
<p>Aurore’s cautionary words echoed in Lumian’s mind: “Don’t see what you shouldn’t see, don’t listen to what you shouldn’t hear.”</p>
<p>Internally, Lumian couldn’t help but criticize, <em>Isn’t this pair of glasses doing the exact opposite? It’s like a weapon of self-destruction! These items seem to have nothing to do with my two needs…</em></p>
<p>Mr. K glanced at Lumian, his voice still low and raspy in the confined basement. “By perceiving the world from a different perspective and witnessing the once-invisible, the wearer will be seized by an uncontrollable urge to paint. Each painting produced will possess supernatural effects. For instance, a painting of an ocean will make onlookers feel as if they’re drowning.”</p>
<p>“In a similar vein, if you apply various cosmetics to your face instead of painting on canvas, you can achieve an excellent disguise. Anyone scrutinizing your face will be convinced that it’s your true appearance, albeit temporarily.”</p>
<p>“Remember, once you’ve painted a ‘new’ face, avoid looking in the mirror. Otherwise, you’ll believe it to be your real self. Slowly but surely, your body and mind will transform until you become an entirely different person.”</p>
<p>“Much like this, you can’t sustain that newfound countenance indefinitely. After a span of three hours or more, your sense of self will gradually succumb to its influence until you wholeheartedly believe that you are one and the same.”</p>
<p>Upon analyzing the possible Beyonder domain of the mystical item, Lumian couldn’t help but speculate, <em>It sounds akin to the hypnosis and suggestions of the Psychiatrist pathway, but it differs greatly in other aspects… Considering the demise of the painter, could it be a power or aura left behind by an evil god?</em></p>
<p>Mr. K fixed his gaze on the brown glasses.</p>
<p>“Its previous owner was a Lawyer, which enables it to manipulate the target’s thoughts, cognition, and conclusions to a certain extent through words, actions, or a series of processes.</p>
<p>“You can probably surmise its negative effects. Seeing what should remain unseen and perceiving the truth of the world without adequate protection exposes you to unknown dangers. Perhaps, one day, you may meet a peculiar death like the painter, leaving behind an enigmatic painting.</p>
<p>“The price is 15,000 verl d’or.”</p>
<p><em>Corresponding to a Sequence 9 Lawyer? The crucial aspect lies in the peculiar power associated with it. Yes, it doesn’t fully reflect a Lawyer’s abilities. Aurore’s grimoires describe Lawyers as masters of eloquence and reasoning, adept at uncovering loopholes in rules and exploiting their opponents’ weaknesses. They create an advantageous atmosphere to achieve ultimate victory. They can influence judgment, thoughts, and conclusions through their words, actions, and established processes. Additionally, they excel at utilizing the power of order… Lumian mentally reviewed the relevant mystical knowledge.</em></p>
<p>However, he remained uncertain about the Lawyer trait, particularly how to harness the power of order. Aurore lacked knowledge in that regard as well.</p>
<p>In essence, the brown gold-rimmed glasses fulfilled Lumian’s need for better disguises. They also provided mystical means that required preparation but were less troublesome than the Alms Monk’s elaborate rituals.</p>
<p>The only issue was its perilous nature!</p>
<p>Lumian contemplated, but didn’t reach a final decision. He awaited Mr. K’s introduction of the golden button.</p>
<p>Before long, Mr. K’s raspy voice resounded again.</p>
<p>“It’s called Flare. It originated from a deceased Light Suppliant.</p>
<p>“It grants additional buffs such as courage and strength through singing. It enables you to sense the presence of undead creatures and evil entities. You can also employ spells and rituals from the Sun domain, making it highly effective against undead souls and similar targets.</p>
<p>“After wearing it, you’ll feel compelled to sing. Darkness and cold become unbearable, and you’ll yearn for sunlight and warmth. If you haven’t removed it after half an hour, you’ll become a devoted follower of the Eternal Blazing Sun, earnestly praising the Sun.</p>
<p>“The price is 20,000 verl d’or.”</p>
<p><em>If it can resolve my issue of resisting the undead, the negative effects are bearable… The problem lies in the limited viable targets…</em> Lumian pondered deeply, torn between which item to choose.</p>
<p>His rationale suggested opting for Flare or Circus, yet he couldn’t make a decisive choice.</p>
<p>The brown gold-rimmed glasses catered to both of his needs and were his preferred option.</p>
<p>By wearing them solely before disguising himself and creating paintings with supernatural effects in a safe environment, he could effectively evade most of the negative consequences. Thus, he would avoid witnessing things he shouldn’t and the so-called truth of the world.</p>
<p>In essence, it wasn’t an item that needed constant donning. Lumian could choose the opportune moment to utilize it.</p>
<p>This way, he could proactively construct a spiritual barrier, screening out anomalies, similar to when he performed the Summoning Dance.</p>
<p>Considering his seal, the “coincidences” of Inevitability, and the occasional Summoning Dance, Lumian didn’t believe an additional trait would worsen matters.</p>
<p>“I want those glasses.”</p>
<p>Mr. K appeared taken aback by Lumian’s choice. After a few seconds, he queried, “Are you certain?”</p>
<p>“I’m certain.” Lumian produced a small cloth bag brimming with banknotes and meticulously counted out 15,000 verl d’or.</p>
<p>Mr. K refrained from further persuasion, emitting a raspy chuckle.</p>
<p>“You’re even crazier than I presumed.”</p>
<p>There was a hint of admiration in his tone.</p>
<p>Instructing the attendant to accept the 15,000 verl d’or and hand over the brown glasses to Lumian, Mr. K nodded and remarked, “You can give them a test run here. It’s safe enough.”</p>
<p>Lumian caressed the frame and discovered that the seemingly metallic material had an odd rubbery texture.</p>
<p><em>I’ll dub you the Mystery Prying Glasses…</em> Lumian pondered, recalling his sister’s Beyonder pathway.</p>
<p>In the ensuing moment, he placed the brown gold-rimmed glasses on the bridge of his nose.</p>
<p>Almost instantly, he beheld a multitude of scenes from various angles.</p>
<p>The mottled ceiling, bloodstains in the corners, Mr. K’s back that should have been out of sight, and the attendants stationed in the corridor…</p>
<p>Lumian also caught sight of a blot of darkness, a silhouette, a gaze emanating from an unknown source, and a visage concealed within the shadows.</p>
<p>Beneath the hood lay black, feathery hair, delicate features, sunken eyes, dark orbs, and ageless skin, only visible from below.</p>
<p><em>Is that Mr. K’s face?</em> Lumian experienced a sudden revelation.</p>
<p>Images from different perspectives flooded his mind, leaving him feeling lightheaded. His state of mind grew increasingly abnormal, and an insatiable urge to capture everything overcame him.</p>
<p>Hastily, Lumian removed the Mystery Prying Glasses, and his vision reverted to normal. Yet, the compulsion to draw lingered within him.</p>
<p>Exhaling deeply, he declared, “It’s tolerable.”</p>
<p>Mr. K offered a brief warning, “Try to employ it in familiar and secure situations.”</p>
<p>After bidding farewell to Mr. K and departing the Psychic’s headquarters, Lumian boarded a carriage back to Le Marché du Quartier du Gentleman.</p>
<p>En route, as he passed through Quartier de la Cathédrale Commémorative, a thought struck him.</p>
<p><em>I must gather some canvases, brushes, and paints…</em></p>
<p><em>Even though my skills are limited to sketching and not particularly exceptional, the quality of the painting shouldn’t influence the attached supernatural effects. Perhaps, the more distorted and grotesque it appears, the better the outcome…</em></p>
<p>Fifteen minutes later, Lumian alighted from the carriage ahead of schedule and located a shop specializing in oil painting supplies.</p>
<p>Upon hearing the price, he couldn’t help but inquire, “What? 160 verl d’or? A single canvas costs 160 verl d’or?”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
