<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch180.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-177-proselytizing" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 177: Proselytizing</h2>
<p>Before stepping onto the public carriage, Lumian made a special effort to spend six licks on purchasing a copy of the Psychic magazine, disguising himself as someone attending a gathering of mysticism enthusiasts at 19 Rue Scheer.</p>
<p>He worried that Gardner Martin, the boss of the Savoie Mob, might secretly tail him to ascertain if something was amiss.</p>
<p>While he could employ some anti-tracking methods to try and shake off potential pursuers, wouldn’t that raise more suspicion?</p>
<p>In comparison, it would be more convincing to pose as a naive country bumpkin who had recently arrived in Trier and stumbled upon the Beyonder path. Such an individual would naturally crave knowledge about mysticism, leading to the purchase of Psychic and other magazines. Occasionally attending various gatherings of mysticism enthusiasts would solidify the facade.</p>
<p>In truth, this tale held some merit.</p>
<p>The only hitch was that Mr. K, the organizer of the mysticism enthusiast gathering, had a secret organization backing him.</p>
<p>If Gardner Martin’s men had indeed delved into their investigation, Lumian would let them confront Mr. K and witness the clash of strengths!</p>
<p>As the Prankster King of Cordu, Lumian always relished witnessing a spectacle unfold.</p>
<p>When the time arrived, he would adjust his choices based on the outcome of the battle. In any case, his overall direction would remain unchanged. He would follow the instructions of Madam Magician and infiltrate the secret organization behind Mr. K.</p>
<p>Inside the carriage, Lumian flipped through Psychic.</p>
<p>The current issue focused on the theme of “secret deeds.”</p>
<p>Contrary to Lumian’s initial instinctive interpretation, the term “deed” in the context of secret deeds did not refer to an actual “deed” but rather denoted “compatibility.” It represented a method of merging one’s mind with a specific hidden entity, enabling the acquisition of corresponding mental experiences and a certain amount of mystical knowledge.</p>
<p>Psychic’s editorials stressed that this act was exceedingly perilous. Unless one could verify the trustworthiness and absence of malice in the subject of the secret deed, attempting it was strongly discouraged. It would lead to dire and severe consequences, including but not limited to mental illness, possession by evil spirits, loss of rationality, sudden death, and alterations in personality.</p>
<p><em>Ah, now it makes sense…</em> Lumian immediately grasped some of the contents of Aurore’s grimoire.</p>
<p>Initially, he had struggled to comprehend those passages, viewing them through the lens of a contract. However, with a change in perspective, he now roughly understood their meaning.</p>
<p>Lumian lowered his gaze to the Psychic magazine in his hand and silently commended it, saying,</p>
<p><em>It’s more useful than I anticipated. I had thought it was all concocted to deceive enthusiasts of mysticism.</em></p>
<p><em>Yes, although there are numerous errors in common sense that suggest it wasn’t written by someone who truly ventured into the Beyonder world and conducted extensive research, their explanations of certain concepts are rather advanced. They come close to the correct answer, and some even enlighten me…</em></p>
<p>Amidst his praise, he muttered, <em>Considering that Mr. K resides beneath the headquarters of Psychic, could there truly be Beyonders among the editorial staff and contributing authors of these mysticism magazines?</em></p>
<p><em>Did they intentionally write an accurate article first and then deliberately alter many concepts and common knowledge to something incorrect?</em></p>
<p>As these thoughts raced through his mind, Lumian inwardly hissed.</p>
<p><em>From this vantage point, the editors of this issue aren’t instructing the correct secret deed ritual. Instead, they are cautioning those who attempt secret deeds without discretion!</em></p>
<p><em>No, it’s not merely without discretion. It’s more plausible that it was purposefully guided by someone with malicious intentions…</em></p>
<p><em>How many incidents involving secret deeds have occurred?</em></p>
<p>At that moment, Lumian revisited Psychic, no longer focusing on the specific words.</p>
<p>He even sensed that it was brimming with warnings written in blood-red ink: “Cease! Refrain from engaging in any further secret deed rituals!”</p>
<p><em>The mysterious world is truly fraught with peril…</em> Lumian closed his eyes and sighed deeply, touched by emotions.</p>
<p>The longer he immersed himself in the field of mysticism, the more he comprehended his sister’s helplessness and struggle.</p>
<p>He closed Psychic, a magazine two licks cheaper than the average, and directed his gaze out of the carriage window.</p>
<p>Upon reaching Rue Scheer in Avenue du Boulevard, Lumian executed his customary anti-tracking measures, showcasing his Hunter instincts.</p>
<p>He then entered Psychic’s headquarters and knocked on the door of Room 103 using the distinctive pattern of three-long, two-short, and one-long knock.</p>
<p>As before, he was led to the basement and encountered Mr. K.</p>
<p>Mr. K still wore a voluminous black robe with an oversized hood, rendering his face concealed within shadows.</p>
<p>Seated in the crimson-backed chair, he gazed at Lumian for a few seconds before speaking in a low, raspy voice, “What brings you here this time?”</p>
<p>“Mr. K, I have fulfilled the mission you assigned me and have become a leader in the Savoie Mob of the market district. I now oversee Salle de Bal Brise and Auberge du Coq Doré,” Lumian said with a smile.</p>
<p>Mr. K offered a slight nod.</p>
<p>“Excellent. I like your way of doing things.</p>
<p>“What you must do next is earn Gardner Martin’s trust and secure his genuine recognition.”</p>
<p>This time, Mr. K omitted the words “reward” or “mission.” Instead, he issued a direct command, treating Lumian as if he were already his subordinate.</p>
<p><em>Earning the Boss’s trust?</em> Lumian was momentarily taken aback, followed by intense bewilderment and unease.</p>
<p>He recalled vividly that when Mr. K assigned the mission, he hadn’t specified joining the Savoie Mob. He had used the word “any”!</p>
<p>Yet now, the subsequent task was to be truly acknowledged by the boss of the Savoie Mob!</p>
<p><em>If I hadn’t chosen Baron Brignais and chose another mob, what kind of mission would Mr. K have assigned me today?</em></p>
<p><em>Or was he utterly convinced that I would join the Savoie Mob?</em></p>
<p><em>What makes him so certain?</em></p>
<p>Thoughts swirled in Lumian’s mind, reminding him of recent events.</p>
<p><em>Baron Brignais dispatched me to handle a leader from the Poison Spur Mob after I eliminated the pervert and obtained the canister of sedatives, putting it to good use…</em></p>
<p><em>Isn’t this too much of a coincidence?</em></p>
<p><em>There are other similar occurrences…</em></p>
<p><em>Every so often, I sense someone’s gaze upon me from the shadows nearby, yet I perceive nothing…</em></p>
<p><em>Could all of this have been orchestrated by Mr. K?</em></p>
<p><em>If I had not chosen the Savoie Mob, would I have been “arranged” to join the Savoie Mob following a series of incidents?</em></p>
<p>The more Lumian pondered, the more a sense of dread overcame him.</p>
<p>When Lumian looked at Mr. K again, the notion of treating him as a cash cow vanished from his mind.</p>
<p>Perhaps, apart from Madam Magician and a few others, this might be the most powerful Beyonder he had ever encountered!</p>
<p>Unknowingly, it compelled him to comply with the other party’s desires!</p>
<p>As these thoughts raced through his mind, Lumian lowered his head and said, “Yes, Mr. K.”</p>
<p>He assumed the demeanor of a subordinate.</p>
<p>Meanwhile, he couldn’t help but think of “Red Boots” Franca.</p>
<p>This member of the secret organization, the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society, possessed both a background and strength, yet she aspired to become the mistress of a mob boss. Clearly, she harbored ulterior motives.</p>
<p><em>Is her objective also to get close to Gardner Martin? Is she involved in something significant or a crucial secret?</em> Lumian attempted to make an educated guess.</p>
<p>Mr. K nodded in satisfaction.</p>
<p>“I’m pleased to see you know your place. Don’t worry, I won’t be stingy with the rewards.</p>
<p>“Have you not prayed in any cathedral recently?”</p>
<p>He changed the subject.</p>
<p>“I’m a wanted criminal!” Lumian recalled Madam Magician’s warning and retorted angrily, “Besides, those deities won’t save us at all!”</p>
<p>Mr. K chuckled.</p>
<p>“It’s not that they won’t, but they can’t. Their power cannot envelop all believers and assist everyone during times of calamity.</p>
<p>“There are numerous reasons, but to put it succinctly, there is only one:</p>
<p>“Weakness is an inherent sin.</p>
<p>“Are you curious about the Lord I believe in? He embodies the truth of this world. He is supreme. His divine grace flows abundantly like the sea. He created everything and shall annihilate everything. He is power incarnate, as are we.”</p>
<p>Observing Lumian’s silence, Mr. K didn’t press further.</p>
<p>“You need not answer me now. Ponder carefully during this period. Reflect on who can save us and offer protection in this increasingly perilous and deranged world.</p>
<p>“Once you have affirmed your faith in Him, you will genuinely become one of us. It won’t be long before your strength significantly improves.”</p>
<p>“I shall consider it deeply,” Lumian replied in a hushed tone.</p>
<p>Mr. K then inquired, “Is there anything else?”</p>
<p>Having adjusted his mindset, Lumian asked, with the intention of not missing out on anything by asking,“In the course of fulfilling the mission, if I encounter danger, may I employ your finger? How should I utilize it?”</p>
<p>Mr. K nodded and responded, “Just take it out.”</p>
<p>In other words, it could be employed.</p>
<p>“If I use it, how should I deal with the threat from Susanna Mattise in the future?” Lumian probed further.</p>
<p>Mr. K fell silent for a few seconds.</p>
<p>“After you employ that finger, return to me here. I shall provide you with another one.”</p>
<p><em>Indeed, your fingers are consumables…</em> Lumian pondered for a moment and said, “I sold ‘Hammer’ Ait’s Beyonder characteristic to Gardner Martin for 18,000 verl d’or. I wish to purchase a Sealed Artifact that can enhance my mystical abilities or aid me in better disguising myself. Do you have any such items here, Mr. K?”</p>
<p>Mr. K didn’t offer an immediate response, as if he were contemplating a suitable candidate.</p>
<p>After a while, he said to Lumian, “Come here and make your selection on Thursday night.”</p>
<p>Lumian beamed.</p>
<p>“Thank you, Mr. K.”</p>
<p>It felt reassuring to have the support of an organization, even if he was only an unofficial member.</p>
<hr />
<p>After arriving at Le Marché du Quartier du Gentleman, Lumian carefully stowed Mr. K’s finger in Room 207 of Auberge du Coq Doré. His next destination was Salle de Bal Brise, where he intended to locate an unoccupied room. There, he would summon the messenger of Madam Magician to relay the progress of his mission. Lumian hoped to receive valuable feedback from her, particularly regarding how Mr. K had permitted these events to unfold with an uncanny degree of coincidence.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
