<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch209.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-206-communication" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 206: Communication</h2>
<p>Lumian’s head pounded at the mere thought of Franca coming in and undressing. He scrutinized Louis Lund, who was left in a linen shirt and white shorts, and offered a genuine suggestion.</p>
<p>“I can ask my companion to return the money from your coat. Leave the carriage as it is and find a clothing store. Tell them you encountered a twisted robber. I’m certain everyone in Trier will understand.”</p>
<p>Louis Lund’s expression froze for a moment as he pointed downwards from Lumian’s current position. “I have spare clothes.”</p>
<p>Lumian bent down and retrieved a black formal suit with a vest and bow tie.</p>
<p>It seemed to be Louis Lund’s usual attire as a butler.</p>
<p>“Is this rental carriage truly yours?” Lumian inquired curiously as he tossed the formal suit to Louis Lund.</p>
<p>“I rented the clothes and the carriage.” Louis Lund hurriedly put on his pants.</p>
<p>Lumian sat there, patiently waiting for him to dress before calling out to Franca to stop the carriage by the roadside.</p>
<p>He opened the door, turned around, and waved at Louis Lund.</p>
<p>“Hope to see you again.”</p>
<p>If not, I’ll find you on Rue de Scotch Broom in Quartier de Noël. And if you’ve already vanished, I’ll continue my investigation, ensuring you’ll never find peace.</p>
<p>Lumian would have trailed Louis Lund until he tracked down Madame Pualis if it weren’t for his caution regarding her abilities and characteristics, as well as his intention to engage in a friendly conversation with her.</p>
<p>Franca placed the waxed hat and whip on the driver’s seat of the carriage, picked up the black robe beside her, and put it on. Then, she pulled up her hood and leaped into the shadows by the road.</p>
<p>Once Louis Lund steered the carriage away from the street, she emerged from the shadows and approached Lumian. She gazed in his direction and spoke. “Not following him?”</p>
<p>“No need. For now, we’re not enemies.” Lumian averted his gaze and headed towards Le Marché du Quartier du Gentleman.</p>
<p>Franca followed, a smile gracing her lips.</p>
<p>“Aren’t you concerned that Madame Pualis might refuse to see you and disappear overnight?”</p>
<p>Lumian and Louis Lund didn’t purposely lower their voices during their exchange. An assassin possessed sharp ears and eyes, so she caught most of their conversation. While she couldn’t fully grasp the Cordu-related details due to her lack of prior knowledge, she gleaned plenty about other topics.</p>
<p>For instance, Lumian sought an audience with Madame Pualis. For instance, a certain evil god’s pathway would transform into a Banshee at Sequence 5…</p>
<p>Lumian took two deep breaths to calm his lingering, trembling emotions.</p>
<p>“I simply believe it’s more likely to meet Madame Pualis if I display friendliness rather than tailing Louis Lund.</p>
<p>“She knows full well whom I seek revenge against. Her own castle was damaged by the padre and she was driven out of Cordu. I refuse to believe she bears no grudge.</p>
<p>“Heh heh, I did kill two leaders of the Poison Spur Mob and tamper with ‘Black Scorpion’ Roger’s coffee, but they don’t know Lumian Lee was behind it. There’s no conflict between hating Ciel and meeting Lumian Lee.”</p>
<p>Franca couldn’t help but chuckle.</p>
<p>“You’re right. What does their vendetta against Ciel have to do with you, Lumian?”</p>
<p>She murmured to herself, lost in thought, “What’s Madame Pualis’s connection to the Poison Spur Mob? Which evil deity does the Banshee pathway belong to? Are ‘Black Scorpion’ Roger, ‘Baldy’ Harman, and ‘Short-legged Candlestick’ Castina associated with this pathway? One Spellmaster Heretic and two Gardeners?”</p>
<p>She speculated based on her understanding of the Poison Spur Mob.</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t hold back any information.</p>
<p>“The mastermind behind the Poison Spur Mob is Madame Moon, but it seems she has recently made further progress. She and Madame Night, whom Pualis represents, are part of a secret organization called the Nightstalkers. They worship the Great Mother. I don’t know the precise name, nor do I dare to utter it.”</p>
<p>The concealed entity known as Inevitability could corrupt people merely by knowing about it. The Great Mother, even more sinister and fearsome than Inevitability, had her followers locked in a prolonged conflict against the Blessed of Inevitability in Cordu. So, she was certainly capable of doing the same.</p>
<p>Lumian suspected that if he were to learn the Great Mother’s complete and honorific name, there was a high chance he would become pregnant on the spot.</p>
<p>Franca found herself deeply intrigued.</p>
<p>“Indeed, it’s best not to seek knowledge beyond one’s boundaries.</p>
<p>“There was once a member of our research society who enjoyed delving into secrets and acquiring all kinds of mystical knowledge. Eventually, he vanished and was never seen again.”</p>
<p>Franca pragmatically shifted the topic to “Black Scorpion” Roger and the others, along with their respective abilities. Lumian provided detailed explanations. After all, he still had to rely on Madame Hidden Blade to combat the Poison Spur Mob.</p>
<p>When Lumian speculated that one of the abilities of a Sower was to impregnate others, Franca felt a momentary envy and eagerly exclaimed, “If Gardner were to become pregnant, it would be quite interesting…”</p>
<p>“Madame, your thoughts are perilous. I truly worry that you might embrace the mantra of ‘Life is short, why not give it a try?’ and end up choosing to believe in that Great Mother, praying for Her to bestow upon you the power of a Sower,” Lumian mockingly warned.</p>
<p>The combination of a Demoness and a Sower was too wicked. Trier would undoubtedly witness a large number of victims.</p>
<p>Franca was taken aback.</p>
<p>“I’ve already consumed a potion and become a Beyonder. I can’t accept any more boons, can I…?”</p>
<p><em>You don’t know? That’s fortunate!</em> Lumian sincerely replied, “I don’t believe so.”</p>
<p>“Don’t worry. I possess extensive knowledge of mysticism and understand that every evil deity harbors malicious intentions.” Franca sighed softly, setting an example for herself.</p>
<p>She glanced over at Le Marché du Quartier du Gentleman nearby and casually remarked, “When I was waiting for Louis Lund earlier today, I witnessed an unlucky fellow.”</p>
<p><em>Unlucky fellow?</em> Lumian’s heart stirred as he recollected.</p>
<p>“Was he a slender man in his fifties with blond hair and blue eyes?”</p>
<p>“How did you know?” Franca was taken aback. “He was strolling along the street when a vase suddenly dropped from the balcony above and struck his head. He reacted swiftly, managing to dodge to the side of the road. However, he stumbled on the edge of the curb and lost his balance. At that very moment, a public carriage was about to collide with him. Heh heh, he’s certainly no ordinary person. Despite the circumstances, he evaded it with a remarkably nimble move. And then, guess what? He collided with a gas street lamp pole, causing his nose to bleed.”</p>
<p>After recounting the humorous scene she had witnessed that afternoon, Franca turned her gaze to Lumian, awaiting his response to her inquiry.</p>
<p>Lumian paused, contemplating her question.</p>
<p>“That individual should be Monsieur Ive, the landlord of Auberge du Coq Doré. He is in cahoots with the pervert known as Hedsey, who attacked Jenna.</p>
<p>“I suspect he is a Beyonder. I had previously informed the Eternal Blazing Sun Church of the anomaly through intermediaries, but they found nothing amiss. Recently, I acquired a Bad Luck charm and seized an opportunity to use it on him. I intended for him to experience frequent misfortunes and thereby expose his abnormality.</p>
<p>“Unfortunately, his performance went unnoticed by official Beyonders.”</p>
<p>But given that tramp’s luck, Monsieur Ive would likely suffer from misfortune for another two or three days.</p>
<p>Franca’s expression darkened as she stated, “Indeed, it’s clear that he is a Beyonder.</p>
<p>“So, it’s the group that attacked Jenna… You should have informed me earlier! I could have found someone to help draw greater attention from the authorities to this fellow named Ive!”</p>
<p>Recalling the eradicated Mirror People, Lumian focused on the depraved Hedsey, Monsieur Ive, Susanna Mattise, and Théâtre de l’Ancienne Cage à Pigeons.</p>
<p>“The abilities of their pathway are quite intriguing…” Franca couldn’t help but sigh. “When I first delved into mysticism, everyone told me that there were only twenty-two divine pathways. However, in the past two to three years, peculiar Sequences have occasionally emerged. Do evil gods fall outside the realm of divine pathways?”</p>
<p>After a brief pause, Franca said to Lumian, “I will report this to the authorities through my contacts, but we mustn’t be careless. Remember, always remain vigilant and be prepared for any unforeseen circumstances. Indeed, when the time comes, we may have to collaborate and take action. I will inform you once we have communicated.</p>
<p>“Not bad. Now you know how to seek assistance from me. Don’t fret; when I find myself in trouble, I will come to you.”</p>
<p>“Okay.” Lumian nodded gently.</p>
<hr />
<p>After bidding Franca farewell, Lumian made his way back to Auberge du Coq Doré.</p>
<p>He still remembered the issue with Termiboros. Once inside Room 207, he retrieved the memo and read it carefully before composing a letter to Madam Magician.</p>
<p>In the letter, he primarily addressed two concerns. Firstly, he detailed the temptation and subsequent influence of Termiboros upon receiving the Alms Monk boon. Secondly, he informed Madam Magician that he had sought assistance from the Psychiatrist and could now avoid reciting the corresponding honorific name.</p>
<p>Thanks to Monsieur Ive hiring a regular cleaning lady, the motel had become less infested with bedbugs. Lumian swiftly tidied up the surroundings, arranged the altar, and summoned the doll-like blond messenger.</p>
<p>The messenger surveyed the room and seemed satisfied with Lumian’s decision to change the summoning location.</p>
<p>Approximately thirty minutes later, she materialized in Room 207 and placed the reply on the wooden table. Tilting her chin slightly, she addressed Lumian, “You should be grateful. I helped remind Madam Magician and ensured she read your letter promptly.”</p>
<p>“Thank you,” Lumian replied reflexively, momentarily caught off guard.</p>
<p>It was only after the messenger had departed that Lumian snapped out of his daze. He picked up the neatly folded square letter and unfolded it.</p>
<p>“I am pleased to hear that your treatment is proving effective. I did not expect that entity to dispatch an Angel. What a significant investment.</p>
<p>“In recent years, evil gods have indeed been infiltrating more frequently, but it remains challenging for higher-level powers to enter our world. The number of Angels can be counted on one hand. Three of them were destroyed in transit, causing only a small area of corruption. While one succeeded, an orthodox god intervened and rectified the situation.</p>
<p>“In other words, you are the only unfortunate individual in the entire world.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
