<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch203.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-200-spectator" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 200: Spectator</h2>
<p>The titular coffee was rich and aromatic, a perfect match for the creamy cupcake. Though Lumian’s focus was elsewhere, he still appreciated their beauty.</p>
<p>The moment the clock struck 3:30 p.m., a familiar soft female voice reached him from the booth behind.</p>
<p>“Good afternoon, Mr. Lumian Lee.”</p>
<p>“Good afternoon, Madame Susie,” Lumian responded, concealing his surprise.</p>
<p>While Lumian didn’t intentionally observe the customers entering Mason Café, his Hunter instincts allowed him to maintain awareness of his surroundings.</p>
<p>When he had arrived at the café at 3:18 p.m., Booth D had been deserted. No one entered from 3:15 to 3:30 p.m.</p>
<p>And yet, here was Madame Susie, appearing silently behind him, in the very spot behind Booth D!</p>
<p>How mystical and bizarre was this!</p>
<p>Susie’s voice gently inquired once more, “How did you feel after your last treatment?”</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t hold back and responded simply, “I felt much better than before. At least I could release my emotions.”</p>
<p>“That’s a good thing. Suppressing your feelings and bottling up your emotions will only exacerbate your mental problems and lead you down a self-destructive path until your innate will to live is completely overwhelmed,” Susie commented in a calm and soothing tone, confirming Lumian’s transformation.</p>
<p>A hint of a smile laced her words.</p>
<p>“Let’s have a conversation first. We’ll discuss all the things you’ve encountered in the past two weeks. Feel free to choose what you believe you can and are willing to share.”</p>
<p>Lumian knew he needed to calm himself and undergo further psychiatric treatment as a foundation for unlocking more memories later. Hence, he offered no resistance. He chuckled wryly and said, “There’s nothing I can’t tell you. I’ve even shared that dream with you. Everything else can only be classified as minor secrets.”</p>
<p>He paused for a moment and began with Charlie.</p>
<p>“There’s an unlucky and dim-witted fellow at the motel I’m staying at…”</p>
<p>Lumian casually recounted the events of the past two weeks.</p>
<p>Gradually, his mind relaxed, as if he had returned to a time before Cordu’s destruction.</p>
<p>Aurore, who rarely ventured outside, would hear about everything that transpired in Cordu from him. He delighted in sharing it with his sister, even boasting about the successful pranks he had orchestrated.</p>
<p>As time trickled away, Lumian’s rigid posture softened as he sank into the plush sofa.</p>
<p>He refrained from delving into further details. Time was limited, and he couldn’t afford to waste it. He didn’t touch upon the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society, Franca’s true gender, or his suspicions regarding her motives for joining the Savoie Mob. He merely mentioned his encounter with a pen pal of Aurore’s—a Sequence 7 Witch of the Demoness pathway, who happened to be in the same mob.</p>
<p>Likewise, he provided only a brief mention of performing a ritual and receiving an additional boon, without going into the specifics.</p>
<p>Susie listened intently throughout their conversation. Every so often, she would prompt him with a gentle “And then?”, allowing Lumian to seamlessly continue.</p>
<p>After recounting his experiences from the past two weeks, Lumian spoke in a self-deprecating tone, “I can’t help but wonder if it’s my own fault for stumbling upon so many Beyonder events in such a short span of time. Sometimes, I question why every human and dog in Trier seems to possess Beyonder powers.”</p>
<p>For once, Susie didn’t respond immediately. After a few moments, she smiled and replied, “I can perceive that your mental state has indeed improved compared to before.”</p>
<p>“How can you tell?” Lumian didn’t mention the details of his tearful carriage ride upon seeing Aurore’s obituary. He didn’t believe that describing all of that was an accurate reflection of his mental state.</p>
<p>Susie spoke in a gentle tone, “I can sense that you’re reconstructing your social connections and beginning to form friendships.”</p>
<p>“Friends?” Lumian asked, slightly amused. “Charlie, Jenna, Franca? Can they truly be called friends?”</p>
<p><em>They are mere acquaintances!</em></p>
<p>Susie responded with a smile, “Friendship comes in various forms. Not all require deep connections. You simply need to ask yourself—when they face challenges that lie within your capabilities to solve, would you be willing to offer assistance? That will reveal if they can be considered your friends.”</p>
<p>“It depends on the specific circumstances and the price I must pay. I’m not the type to go out of my way to help just anyone,” Lumian muttered.</p>
<p>Susie didn’t press further and explained, “For someone prone to self-destruction, a sign of their emergence from the quagmire is their willingness to forge new social bonds.</p>
<p>“Emperor Roselle—assuming he truly said it—once remarked that humans are the sum of their social relationships. When you no longer resist forming new connections, it signifies that you’re no longer opposed to your own future.</p>
<p>“Of course, this is just one aspect. It’s not everything.”</p>
<p>Lumian fell silent for a moment before speaking again, “Madame Susie, there’s something I’d like to ask you. I mentioned a series of coincidences that have befallen me. Are they truly as Madam Magician suggested? Could they be partially influenced by Mid-Sequence Beyonders of the Spectator pathway?”</p>
<p>In contrast to the previous session, Susie appeared more at ease. She chuckled and remarked, “Are you attempting to divert the topic? Are you still resistant to such matters?</p>
<p>“Actually, one can discern it from certain details. You took the initiative to request the ‘Red Boots’ lady to enlighten you on mystical matters whenever she was available, but you never followed through. The sole visit you made was on the pretext of her repaying a favor. It suggests that you remain unwilling to establish a closer bond with her.</p>
<p>“That’s natural. How can a patient recover after just one treatment? You need not burden yourself…”</p>
<p>Susie tirelessly voiced her observations, gently pinpointing some of Lumian’s current psychological issues.</p>
<p>“If it were the last time, I wouldn’t have been so forthright. It would have only bred resistance, causing you to close yourself off further. However, now you exhibit certain inclinations toward forging new social connections. This will allow you to gain clearer insights into your true self and facilitate your progress.”</p>
<p>Having his underlying thoughts laid bare by Susie, Lumian’s initial reaction was wariness, vigilance, and denial. Yet, Susie’s composed demeanor, non-aggressive analysis, and accurate understanding of the situation gradually eased his tension, enabling him to confront his deep-seated problems.</p>
<p>His body and mind gradually settled.</p>
<p>Susie refrained from prying further and addressed Lumian’s inquiry.</p>
<p>“Madam Magician’s explanation is not entirely incorrect, but it lacks specificity.</p>
<p>“For a Mid-Sequence Beyonder of the Spectator pathway to engineer a coincidence, they must employ face-to-face psychological cues or hypnosis. In other words, they need to be present around you, Baron Brignais, and his associates.</p>
<p>“The reason you didn’t notice it and Baron Brignais remained oblivious is that Mid-Sequence Beyonders of the Spectator pathway possess an additional Beyonder power—Psychological Invisibility.”</p>
<p>“Psychological Invisibility? How does it differ from regular invisibility?” Lumian inquired, perplexed.</p>
<p>Susie calmly elucidated, “Psychological Invisibility is not true invisibility. It merely prevents you from perceiving me, even when I am standing right before you and numerous others have already witnessed my presence.”</p>
<p>“Sounds very magical…” Lumian sighed with a sense of wonder. For some inexplicable reason, he felt as though Psychiatrists were all around him, yet he remained oblivious to their presence.</p>
<p>“This won’t change even if you employ Spirit Vision. Your intuition for danger will not react until I am prepared to strike,” Susie continued. “By comparison, a Shadow Ascetic’s concealment within shadows occasionally evokes the sensation of being watched by the darkness.”</p>
<p>Lumian pressed, “Which pathway does Shadow Ascetic belong to?”</p>
<p>“Secrets Suppliant,” Susie replied simply.</p>
<p><em>Secrets Suppliant pathway? Above Listener and below Shepherd, there’s a Sequence known as Shadow Ascetic? This belongs to Mr. K’s pathway… Occasionally, I sense someone observing me in the surrounding darkness because of him or his subordinates.</em> Combining this with Aurore’s grimoires and Madam Magician’s clues, Lumian felt a wave of enlightenment.</p>
<p>For the Secrets Suppliant pathway, Aurore had only noted down Sequence 9 Secrets Suppliant and Sequence 8 Listener.</p>
<p><em>Madam Magician appears to write a substantial amount, but it’s actually just an outline without much detail. It’s not as comprehensive as Madame Susie’s explanation…</em> Lumian mumbled curiously and asked, “Aren’t you concerned that revealing your pathway’s Beyonder powers to me might harm you?”</p>
<p>Susie brushed off the question and continued, “If you’re a High-Sequence Beyonder of the Spectator pathway, there’s no need for such elaborate measures. Even if they’re far away from you, they can subtly influence you, causing you to unknowingly follow their arrangements and create various coincidences.</p>
<p>“Though I too am a Spectator, I must still caution you, ‘Beware of the Spectator!’”</p>
<p><em>High-Sequence Beyonder…</em> Lumian was alarmed.</p>
<p>“So, you ‘arranged’ for the paperboy to deliver an outdated newspaper to me?”</p>
<p>Madame Susie is a High-Sequence Beyonder, a true demigod?</p>
<p>“It wasn’t me,” Susie said, feeling a tad embarrassed. “It was my companion.”</p>
<p><em>Companion? </em>Lumian recalled Madam Magician’s initial suggestion and guessed, “The other Psychiatrist? He was here last time too?”</p>
<p>“Yes,” Susie candidly admitted. “Your condition is more serious, and I wasn’t too confident, so I invited her along to assist me. Yes, as a precautionary measure.</p>
<p>“In fact, she’s here today as well. She’s sitting across from you.”</p>
<p><em>Across from me?</em> Lumian glanced in surprise at the empty seat across the coffee table. Not only was there no one present, but there wasn’t even an indentation from someone sitting there!</p>
<p>In the next instant, he heard a gentle female voice with a hint of a smile and a slightly brisk tone.</p>
<p>“Hello.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
