<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch210.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-207-organization" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 207: Organization</h2>
<p>Lumian paid no mind to Madam Magician’s usual playful jabs and instead focused on her account of the evil god’s infiltration.</p>
<p>It aligned with the information shared by the late “Hammer” Ait.</p>
<p>For unrecognized evil gods hailing from other realms, providing godhood boons proved to be an arduous task. Numerous obstacles hindered Their progress. They had to rely on covert followers to perform elaborate rituals on a grand scale, which often drew attention and resulted in swift annihilation before they could infiltrate.</p>
<p>Madam Magician painstakingly detailed various examples, showcasing the immense difficulty angelic entities faced when descending into the mortal plane. In recent years, there had been only five instances, with four failures and one partial success. While gaining a measure of godhood without reaching angelic status seemed somewhat easier, such cases were rare and generally unsuccessful.</p>
<p>Though Madam Magician didn’t explicitly mention it, Lumian suspected that the Great Mother, the Mother Tree of Desire, and the enigmatic fog possessed extraordinary infiltration capabilities, surpassing other entities based on “Hammer” Ait. It seemed likely that these three were responsible for most successful instances involving the acquisition of godhood powers.</p>
<p><em>Does Madam Magician remain unaware or does she deem it unnecessary for me to know at this stage? </em>Lumian pondered momentarily, inclined to believe the latter.</p>
<p>He continued perusing Madam Magician’s response.</p>
<p>“This actually bodes well. Dealing with an Angel who serves a hidden entity is much simpler than confronting angelic powers derived from said hidden entity. The associated risks are also significantly reduced.</p>
<p>“Once you ascend to the rank of an Angel and extract powers of equal magnitude from that fellow with the long name, thereby rendering Him exceedingly vulnerable, you can implore my Lord to undo the seal and set Him free. Then, you can give Him a thorough thrashing and either transform Him into a Sealed Artifact or restore Him to His original Beyonder characteristics.</p>
<p>“Naturally, this hinges upon Him truly being an angelic entity and not a puppet blessed with a boon. Puppets are easier to handle. Once you extract a certain measure of His power, He will crumble. However, the remaining power bearing the mark of the hidden entity is what presents a greater challenge. You must maintain the seal and gradually absorb it until it reaches a level manageable by an Angel.</p>
<p>“Doesn’t it all seem to be progressing smoothly with a high likelihood of success? Ah, but the most vexing and formidable step lies in becoming an Angel.</p>
<p>“In your present state, I lack confidence. Were it not for the uniqueness of the current era, 99% or more of the Beyonders would never come close to touching godhood.</p>
<p>“I believe your Psychiatrist has already enlightened you on how to evade the negative effects of Termiboros. No further elaboration is necessary.</p>
<p>“I simply wish to remind you that should you undertake any critical or perilous endeavors in the future, do write to me beforehand and apprise me of the situation.</p>
<p>“Why do I suggest you write before exploiting that lengthy-named fellow? Because you might be clandestinely influenced and neglect the corresponding dangers, forgetting to notify me. As for Termiboros, He will not let you forget my warning, for it would mean you engaging in numerous hazardous exploits and facing a high risk of losing your life. That is clearly not what He desires or strives for.</p>
<p>“If you were to perish, the seal would be affected, but my lord would be alerted. In that event, I shall gather a team to reinforce the seal and eliminate Him.</p>
<p>“With such a skilled Angel of fate sealed within you, your future is destined to be quite ‘exciting.’ Praise the lord. You are akin to bait for the followers of evil gods, Hunters, and Demonesses. You shall embark on a multitude of experiences. If you find the time and inclination, do consider writing a lengthy letter to share with me.</p>
<p>“And now, with the assistance of the two Psychiatrists, you can express your desire to alter your faith to Mr. K during a forthcoming gathering. Remember, before you set off to attend the event, offer prayers to my lord for the Angel’s protection.”</p>
<p>Lumian read the note patiently, finding Madam Magician’s words both abundant and yet empty.</p>
<p>The most valuable part was her guidance on evading Termiboros’s influence and the reminder to seek her opinion before utilizing the Angel’s power. Additionally, she provided a beautifully drawn blueprint that offered a chance to address the corruption within his body at the angelic level.</p>
<p>Lumian burned the note by rubbing his spirituality. He then reached into his pockets, touching the hidden banknotes and coins, before leaving Room 207 and making his way to Room 305.</p>
<p>Anthony Reid had already returned to his lodgings and sat by the bedside, dressed as a clerk.</p>
<p>Observing Lumian unlatch the door and enter, he offered a simple explanation, “I couldn’t find the target at the back entrance of 126 Avenue du Marché. However, I recently discovered that he had already left through the main door, with you following him.”</p>
<p>Lumian produced 400 verl d’or worth of banknotes and handed them over to Anthony Reid.</p>
<p>At the same time, he nodded slightly and stated, “The commission is over.”</p>
<p>“It seems you’ve already encountered the target,” Anthony Reid chuckled.</p>
<p>Taking a moment to consider, he inquired, “Can I report the target’s information to the authorities?”</p>
<p>“Wait for a week,” Lumian replied. He had initially planned to offer Anthony Reid more money to delay claiming the reward from the wanted poster. However, since he sought his opinion, Lumian took advantage of the situation by setting a time limit.</p>
<p>He worried that any investigation or arrest related to Louis Lund might alert Madame Pualis, potentially jeopardizing their meeting.</p>
<p>Anthony Reid did not object and let out a sigh. “You’re more suited for the market district than I initially thought.”</p>
<p>He had never witnessed a wanted criminal rise to become a leader of a sizable mob so swiftly without being detected by the authorities.</p>
<p>“Competent individuals can thrive anywhere, just like you,” Lumian advised Anthony Reid, casting a casual glance around Room 305.</p>
<p>His eyes fell upon a few folded papers on the wooden table near the window. They appeared thicker and smoother, larger than ordinary oil paintings.</p>
<p><em>What could they be? </em>Lumian focused his gaze for a moment, realizing that the folded papers had a faint bluish hue and a printed texture.</p>
<p>Instantly, the pieces fell into place.</p>
<p>The posters on the wall!</p>
<p>Posters of parliamentary candidates had been plastered all over the place recently!</p>
<p>“You seem particularly invested in the National Convention election,” Lumian didn’t hold back his speculation as he taunted Anthony Reid. “Do you have a legitimate occupation?”</p>
<p>One of the fundamental eligibility criteria for the elections.</p>
<p>Anthony Reid calmly smiled and replied, “No.”</p>
<p>He did not elaborate on his reasons for collecting the parliamentary candidates’ posters.</p>
<p><em>Another commission?</em> Lumian decided not to delve further. He waved his hand dismissively and left Room 305.</p>
<p>Amidst the lunatic’s piercing cries, Lumian descended the stairs, left Auberge du Coq Doré, returned to Salle de Bal Brise, and settled at the bar counter.</p>
<p>“Good evening, Boss,” the bartender greeted with deference, straightening his posture.</p>
<p>Lumian nodded.</p>
<p>“Give me a glass of absinthe.”</p>
<p>Having thought about Cordu too often that day, he needed a dose of psychedelic bitterness to jolt his senses awake.</p>
<p>On the stage, Jenna performed with exaggerated flair, belting out flashy songs. Leaning against the bar counter, Lumian let his gaze wander as he absorbed every note.</p>
<p>Now and then, he would take a sip of the dreamy green liquid, allowing its bitterness to awaken his nerves.</p>
<p>Once he regained composure, he organized the recent matters he had to attend to.</p>
<p>First, there was Mr. K’s mission; second, the looming threat from the Poison Spur Mob; third, Susanna Mattise’s second assault; and fourth, his upcoming meeting with Madame Pualis.</p>
<p>Regarding the election, Lumian didn’t pay it much mind after confirming from Franca that the Savoie Mob also backed Hugues Artois. This meant that even if the opposing party won, it wouldn’t entirely suppress the Savoie Mob or impede his mission.</p>
<p>Susanna Mattise’s resurgence had been a cause for concern, but thanks to the psychiatric treatment, Lumian wouldn’t hesitate to seek assistance from Franca. Resolving this matter had become relatively manageable.</p>
<p>Once official Beyonders committed to the task, they wouldn’t be inferior to Lumian, a Sequence 8, in effectiveness. They would undoubtedly uncover Monsieur Ive’s issues and the troubles at Théâtre de l’Ancienne Cage à Pigeons, purging Susanna Mattise’s evil spirit completely.</p>
<p>This would be accomplished within the next few days. Lumian simply needed to remain vigilant.</p>
<p>Mr. K’s mission was rather complex, relying on Gardner Martin. Lumian, not being a Spectator Beyonder, could only attempt to gain the target’s approval through repeated efforts. There were no shortcuts for the time being, so rushing was unnecessary.</p>
<p>Similarly, he had to await Madame Pualis’s response. Lumian couldn’t rush the matter even if he desired to.</p>
<p>Upon analyzing the situation, Lumian concluded that he needed to prioritize dealing with the Poison Spur Mob’s threat.</p>
<p>After the election, “Black Scorpion” Roger would receive an additional boon from Madame Moon, ascending to the rank of a Sower. “Baldy” Harman and “Short-legged Candlestick” Castina might even advance to the level of Heretic Spellmasters. At that point, Lumian, their primary target, would be defenseless against them. Even with the support of Franca, Baron Brignais, and his allies, the situation would be perilous.</p>
<p><em>Should I join forces with Franca before the election concludes and infiltrate 126 Avenue du Marché under the cover of darkness to eliminate the remaining leaders of the Poison Spur Mob? Even if Madame Moon sends reinforcements later, by the time they stabilize the situation, I would have earned the Boss’s trust and gained a chance to partially withdraw from the market district…</em></p>
<p><em>The problem lies in facing a Heretic Spellmaster on their home turf. Even with Franca and me united, defeating him would be a daunting task, not to mention his potential allies…</em></p>
<p><em>Perhaps an opportunity will arise to strike at “Baldy” Harman and “Short-legged Candlestick” Castina when they are outside?</em> Lumian pondered as he spotted Charlie, attired as a waiter, approaching the bar counter with a tray.</p>
<p>Nodding in greeting, Lumian instinctively honed in on Charlie’s luck.</p>
<p>In an instant, his grasp on the absinthe glass tightened, and his pupils dilated.</p>
<p>He “saw” Charlie’s luck stained with blood, a swirling blend of crimson and ebony that sent a shiver down his spine.</p>
<p>This could only mean that Charlie was on the brink of a life-threatening catastrophe within the next two to three days, or perhaps even within the next 24 hours!</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
