<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch218.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-215-jennas-worry" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 215: Jenna’s Worry</h2>
<p>As soon as Jenna revealed where she studied acting, a hush fell over the living room. Franca and Lumian exchanged inexplicable glances, causing Jenna to feel a pang of uncertainty. Charlie, the waiter, couldn’t conceal his startled expression and the fear that gripped him was evident in his shrinking demeanor and fearful eyes.</p>
<p>“What’s wrong? Is there a problem?” Jenna asked, her confidence wavering.</p>
<p>Lumian seized the moment and tossed a Louis d’or at Jenna’s feet, his eyes intently following her every move, even the slightest flicker in her gaze.</p>
<p>“Dammit! What’s the meaning of this?” Jenna looked down at the Louis d’or, her confusion turning into anger as she confronted Lumian.</p>
<p>Lumian’s expression returned to normal, and he turned his head, grinning at Franca. “Not a Scrooge.”</p>
<p>“Of course!” Franca responded, a mix of exasperation and amusement. “We meet often. She may be a bit frugal, but she’s definitely not a Scrooge. Plus, she doesn’t exhibit any signs of being a Sex Addict, and her acting skills leave much to be desired.”</p>
<p>Franca couldn’t help but feel a twinge of regret.</p>
<p>“What are you two talking about?” Jenna was utterly bewildered, forgetting her own penchant for profanity.</p>
<p>“You explain,” Lumian instructed Franca.</p>
<p>Franca rose and tried to allow Jenna to squeeze into the recliner with her, but realizing it was too cramped, Jenna opted for an armchair instead, resting a pile of ordinary clothes on her lap.</p>
<p>“Do you remember that creep Hedsey?” Franca slumped back disappointedly in the recliner.</p>
<p>Jenna responded without hesitation, “I remember. Damn it, he died too easily!”</p>
<p><em>It wasn’t exactly an easy demise… </em>Lumian silently muttered, recalling the gruesome state of Hedsey’s lower body.</p>
<p>Using this as a starting point, Franca delved into the secrets of the Bliss Society, the dark Sequences tied to the evil god, the Mother Tree of Desire, the connection between the Bliss Society and the Théâtre de l’Ancienne Cage à Pigeons, and various details involving the true Ive, Rentas, Maipú Meyer, and Susanna Mattise.</p>
<p>Jenna, having absorbed Franca’s mystical knowledge, grew increasingly astonished with each revelation. It was as if a door had swung open, revealing a new world—a scene that was entirely different from what she had known before. It festered, exuded sinister vibes, terrified her, and made her stomach churn with disgust.</p>
<p>After Franca finished her account, she blurted out, “Did that creep target me at the Théâtre de l’Ancienne Cage à Pigeons?”</p>
<p>Considering that Hedsey was a subordinate of theater manager Maipú Meyer and associated with the Bliss Society, he likely frequented and surreptitiously entered the Théâtre de l’Ancienne Cage à Pigeons.</p>
<p>Jenna suspected that the pervert often lurked in the shadows, observing the apprentice actresses during their classes.</p>
<p>“It’s possible,” Franca agreed, contemplating why the pervert Hedsey didn’t choose another underground singer but instead risked attacking Jenna.</p>
<p>Jenna was undeniably attractive. After her time at the Théâtre de l’Ancienne Cage à Pigeons, where she honed her acting and makeup skills, her allure had gradually emerged. However, she wasn’t a fully-fledged Witch yet, nor was she overwhelmingly captivating. In the bustling marketplace, there was no shortage of underground singers who were more alluring and could ignite the desires of men of lower standing. Besides, they lacked the distinction of being Red Boots’s mistress.</p>
<p>Jenna glared at Lumian, her teeth grinding together in frustration.</p>
<p>“So, you suspected that I believed in the Mother Tree of Desire, and you used a Louis d’or to test me? Isn’t that being a bit stingy? You should have used at least ten Louis d’or!”</p>
<p>Lumian chuckled softly. “I suddenly realized that since we met, you’ve never praised any orthodox god. I still don’t know if you’re a follower of the Eternal Blazing Sun or the God of Steam and Machinery. It’s rather suspicious.”</p>
<p>Jenna scoffed and replied, “Most of the time when I meet you, I’m dressed like this. I wear smoky makeup that symbolizes debauchery and sing, ‘My dear, he’s really good with his fingers.’ If I were to praise the Sun in this state, I believe God would incinerate me.”</p>
<p>As she spoke, she pointed to her chest, revealing a generous amount of alluring cleavage.</p>
<p>Without waiting for Lumian’s response, she turned her finger towards Franca.</p>
<p>“And Franca never praises any deity either. Why aren’t you suspecting her?”</p>
<p>“Who says I don’t?” Franca declared solemnly, drawing a Triangular Sacred Emblem on her chest. “By Steam!”</p>
<p><em>Your acting skills are mediocre… Aurore is the same. She rarely mentions her faith and doesn’t attend Mass. She only praises the Sun when questioned… </em>Lumian drew the Triangular Sacred Emblem.</p>
<p>“By Steam!”</p>
<p>Caught up in their actions, Charlie instinctively spread his arms wide.</p>
<p>“Praise the Sun!”</p>
<p>An indescribable silence descended, as if no one knew how to proceed with the conversation.</p>
<p>After a few seconds, Lumian addressed Jenna, saying, “So, your true identity is an apprentice actress.”</p>
<p>Jenna couldn’t help but feel a twinge of satisfaction. She lifted her chin slightly and replied, “Well then, am I qualified to critique your acting skills? And let me clarify, I’m not some low-class hooligan with a vulgar mouth. I’m merely playing the role of an underground songstress. How did I do? Was it convincingly authentic? Can you find any faults?”</p>
<p>“No wonder I occasionally find you rather refined,” Lumian mocked, concurring with Jenna’s statement.</p>
<p>“What do you mean, ‘rather’?” Jenna expressed her dissatisfaction.</p>
<p>Charlie’s gaze darted between their faces, eventually landing on Franca, who sat in the recliner.</p>
<p>Franca pursed her lips and observed Lumian and Jenna as they bickered.</p>
<p>Lumian dismissed Jenna’s bragging and said, “Let’s discuss the Théâtre de l’Ancienne Cage à Pigeons.”</p>
<p>After a few moments of contemplation, Jenna blurted out in frustration, “Dammit! My tuition fees!”</p>
<p>As soon as the words left her mouth, she noticed everyone giving her strange looks.</p>
<p>Jenna hurriedly clarified, “Didn’t you mention that Maipú Meyer might escape with the members of the Bliss Society? Won’t Théâtre de l’Ancienne Cage à Pigeons shut down? Damn it, I’ve already paid a year’s worth of tuition fees to these damn heretics! I need to get that money back!”</p>
<p>Once Jenna regained her composure, Lumian’s lips twitched.</p>
<p>“Weren’t you claiming that your foul mouth and low morals were all part of an act?”</p>
<p>“…” At first, Jenna was left speechless, but then she defended herself forcefully. “I am currently Jenna, the underground songstress! I am still in character and haven’t broken free from it…”</p>
<p>Observing Lumian’s skeptical expression, Jenna became enraged with embarrassment.</p>
<p>“Dammit, don’t you understand? This is called method acting!”</p>
<p>“Yes, yes, yes,” Franca chimed in, trying her best to change the subject. “Théâtre de l’Ancienne Cage à Pigeons has a dedicated audience and talented actors. Even if the theater manager and a few leads leave, it won’t shut down. At most, they might embezzle funds. It’ll be a bit challenging for them. I believe there will be plenty of people willing to take over such valuable assets. Oh, by the way, who owns Théâtre de l’Ancienne Cage à Pigeons?”</p>
<p>Jenna recollected and replied, “Maipú Meyer himself.”</p>
<p>“Ah, I see…” Lumian glanced at Franca. “If Maipú Meyer truly intends to escape, we could acquire Théâtre de l’Ancienne Cage à Pigeons at a low price. There are numerous dancers and singers under Brignais’s control who don’t want to sell themselves. We can give them an opportunity to earn a living at the theater.”</p>
<p>“They will face fierce competition.” Franca contemplated. “If we succeed, it could indeed be a viable path. The challenge lies in convincing Brignais… Haha, we can spin him a tale and sell him a promise. Let him know that no matter how much he squeezes a singer who moonlights as a street girl, he can only make a pittance. On the other hand, a renowned theater actress under the influence of our Savoie Mob will bring far greater returns.”</p>
<p>Charlie’s gaze shifted between Lumian and Franca before settling on Jenna, who sat in an armchair.</p>
<p>After discussing with Lumian, Franca assured Jenna, “Don’t worry, your tuition fees won’t be in vain.”</p>
<p>Jenna, who had been listening intently to their conversation, let out a sigh of relief and muttered,</p>
<p>“The tuition fees for Théâtre de l’Ancienne Cage à Pigeons aren’t cheap at all.”</p>
<p>Franca redirected the conversation back to its original course.</p>
<p>“What’s your impression of the people from Théâtre de l’Ancienne Cage à Pigeons? Who do you find suspicious?”</p>
<p>Jenna contemplated for a moment before responding, “Maipú Meyer enjoys watching our acting classes. His gaze can be a bit lecherous, but he has never harassed anyone. That’s something many men do, isn’t it? Yes, some apprentices might have a private relationship with him. After all, he’s the theater’s owner and manager.</p>
<p>“Rentas possesses remarkable acting skills. He is the most professional and exceptional among all the acting instructors. The characters he portrays in plays seem to come alive, each one distinct from the others…”</p>
<p>At this point, Jenna’s tone revealed a touch of envy, as if she desired to possess the abilities of an Actor. However, thoughts of Hedsey’s perversity and Susanna Mattise’s current predicament filled her with fear, preventing her from indulging in such fantasies.</p>
<p>“I haven’t really interacted with the Ive you mentioned. Perhaps he only appears in certain genres…</p>
<p>“I’m not well-acquainted with Charlotte. By the time I joined Théâtre de l’Ancienne Cage à Pigeons, she had already taken on lead roles, but she was my role model. Her acting skills are slightly inferior to Rentas’s. I’m uncertain if she’s an Actor. Dammit, it’s hard to say…”</p>
<p>Jenna struggled to restrain herself for a long while before finally cursing.</p>
<p>“The other acting instructors are probably not Actors. Their acting abilities pale in comparison to Rentas’s. They often praise me for my talent in acting. While I may not match Rentas or the previous female leads of Théâtre de l’Ancienne Cage à Pigeons, I can hold my own against Charlotte when she was still an apprentice…” Jenna suddenly fell silent.</p>
<p>“What’s the matter?” Franca inquired, concerned.</p>
<p>Charlie’s gaze shifted from Franca and Jenna to Ciel, who sat beside him.</p>
<p>Jenna furrowed her brow and said, “Tomorrow, the official Beyonders will conduct a thorough investigation of Théâtre de l’Ancienne Cage à Pigeons. What… what should I do?”</p>
<p>She was a wild Beyonder, an Assassin.</p>
<p>“Abandon Théâtre de l’Ancienne Cage à Pigeons and find another theater?” Lumian suggested.</p>
<p>Money was the least of her concerns.</p>
<p>Jenna pressed her lips together, her expression filled with dejection.</p>
<p>“B-but I used my true identity at Théâtre de l’Ancienne Cage à Pigeons. What about my mother and brother…”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
