<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch211.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-208-countermeasure" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 208: Countermeasure</h2>
<p><em>Could Susanna Mattise’s attack be imminent?</em> Lumian pondered this question, considering that Charlie had no known enemies and had recently worked as a waiter at Salle de Bal Brise.</p>
<p>Though it was possible that Charlie had simply experienced a string of unfortunate accidents, Lumian wasn’t willing to take any chances.</p>
<p>As Charlie carefully placed the tray down and waited, he grew uneasy under Lumian’s gaze.</p>
<p>Recalling the other’s mystical prophetic ability, Charlie leaned in and whispered, “Did you see something?”</p>
<p>A smile spread across Lumian’s face.</p>
<p>“I foresee a romantic encounter in your future. You’ll form a relationship that goes beyond friendship with a beautiful woman.”</p>
<p>“Is that true?” Charlie asked, surprised and delighted.</p>
<p><em>The woman’s name is Susanna Mattise…</em> Lumian chuckled, suppressing his words. “You’re quite gullible, aren’t you? How can you believe that?”</p>
<p>“I knew it…” Charlie looked disappointed.</p>
<p>The presence of the Idiot Instrument had already revealed to him Ciel’s knack for deception.</p>
<p>Lumian’s smile faded as he watched Charlie make his way to the edge of the dance floor, carrying a tray filled with glasses.</p>
<p>Thoughts raced through Lumian’s mind.</p>
<p><em>Am I simply unlucky, or is my fate predetermined? The official Beyonders will soon keep a close watch on Monsieur Ive and the Théâtre de l’Ancienne Cage à Pigeons. They’ll arrest all the cultists who believe in the Mother Tree of Desire and locate the evil spirit, Susanna Mattise, to purge her completely. Yet, here I am, facing the possibility of Susanna Mattise launching an attack on me and Charlie today…</em></p>
<p><em>Dammit, Termiboros, that pig’s son. He must be behind this!</em></p>
<p><em>Based on my observations of luck, the problem will likely arise late tonight or perhaps even at midnight the day after tomorrow…</em></p>
<p><em>I can’t solely rely on Susanna Mattise coming to Charlie and me the day after tomorrow. I must prepare for the worst-case scenario…</em></p>
<p>Gradually regaining composure, Lumian, influenced by Franca and Jenna’s vulgarities, forced himself to remain calm and assess the situation.</p>
<p>Simultaneously, he devised an initial plan of action.</p>
<p>First, he would discreetly alert Charlie, assuming a hidden identity, and instruct him to seek refuge in the nearest Eternal Blazing Sun cathedral for the next three days.</p>
<p>Second, Lumian would go to Rue des Blouses Blanches and enlist Franca’s aid.</p>
<p>With Franca and Mr. K’s finger acting as his protectors, Lumian believed he stood a strong chance of surviving Susanna Mattise’s initial onslaught. Furthermore, she would not have another opportunity in the future. Whether it was Franca’s message to the official Beyonders through her secret channels or Charlie’s presence at the cathedral seeking sanctuary, it would be enough to inform the Eternal Blazing Sun Church of Susanna Mattise’s reappearance!</p>
<p>Although Lumian could likely handle Susanna Mattise on his own with Mr. K’s assistance, since he already owed Franca a favor, why not accrue a little more debt to ensure greater security?</p>
<p>Without hesitation, Lumian finished his absinthe and departed from Salle de Bal Brise.</p>
<p>He returned to Room 207 of Auberge du Coq Doré, retrieved the Mystery Prying Glasses, and placed them on the bridge of his nose.</p>
<p>Once again, the world spun, and he descended to the ground. He found himself surrounded by a vast network of brownish-green roots, insects scurrying about, and rats hiding in various corners…</p>
<p>Just as Lumian was about to remove his glasses and begin applying his disguise, his eyes caught sight of a clump of turquoise hair entwined with vines and branches.</p>
<p><em>Bang!</em></p>
<p>Lumian’s head spun, as if he had been hit, and golden stars danced before his eyes.</p>
<p>In haste, he removed the Mystery Prying Glasses, bent down, and retched for a few moments.</p>
<p>Once the wave of nausea subsided, Lumian seized the opportunity while the urge to draw still lingered. He reached for his makeup tools and began applying various substances to his face.</p>
<p>Gazing into the dimly lit windowpane, Lumian found himself increasingly unrecognizable. He resembled one of the unkempt drunkards commonly found in dance halls.</p>
<p>When he finished, he averted his gaze, afraid of the disorienting effects that might follow.</p>
<p><em>Phew…</em> Lumian put away his makeup tools, exhaled deeply, and filtered through the images he had witnessed while wearing the Mystery Prying Glasses.</p>
<p>One image stood out in particular—an image of turquoise hair entwined with branches and vines. It struck a chord of familiarity within him, and he quickly made a connection.</p>
<p>Susanna Mattise also possessed long, turquoise hair interwoven with branches and vines that seemed to materialize from nowhere!</p>
<p>Susanna Mattise’s territory likely lies somewhere underground in the market district? Lumian made a preliminary judgment.</p>
<p>He couldn’t help but grumble, <em>Why does it have to be underground once again? Isn’t the underground of Trier already bustling enough?</em></p>
<p>However, this also explained why the official Beyonders had been unable to fully cleanse Susanna Mattise during their previous encounter. Underground monsters were always challenging to eliminate, just like the Montsouris ghost.</p>
<p>Lumian recollected the real Monsieur Ive’s clandestine visit to Underground Trier late at night. He remembered the perverted Hedsey, who had drugged Jenna and led her to an underground cavern. Hedsey seemed familiar with the area and felt at ease there.</p>
<p>This convinced Lumian that Susanna Mattise was indeed hiding somewhere in Underground Trier, not far from the location chosen by Hedsey.</p>
<p>Deeper into the depths of the underground path, all the way to the end perhaps? Lumian speculated as he changed into simple cargo pants, incongruous with his formal top, and left Room 207.</p>
<p>Inside Salle de Bal Brise, Lumian surveyed the surroundings until he spotted Charlie, serving drinks to guests near the periphery of the dance floor.</p>
<p>Leaning closer, Lumian discreetly brushed past Charlie and whispered, “Susanna Mattise.”</p>
<p>Amidst Jenna’s singing, booming music, and clamorous voices, the name resonated clearly. Charlie froze in place, as if struck by lightning.</p>
<p>Only then did Lumian gently remind him in a hushed tone, “I have received information that Susanna Mattise will reemerge within the next three days. If you wish to avoid a grim fate, seek refuge in the cathedral tonight and remain there for three days.”</p>
<p>Charlie’s initial reaction was one of horror. His second was to search for Ciel. And his third was to inquire anxiously whether he would be fired for taking three days off.</p>
<p>A lump formed in Charlie’s throat as he searched in vain for Ciel. He mustered the courage to ask in a hushed voice, “Really?”</p>
<p><em>You can choose not to believe it…</em> Lumian managed to restrain his instinctual reaction to prevent Charlie from making any connection.</p>
<p>With a deliberate effort to keep his voice low, he continued, “If you go to the cathedral tonight, someone will confirm the truth for you.”</p>
<p>Charlie’s fear became too overwhelming to contain. He scrutinized the unfamiliar face before him and asked with a tremor in his voice, “Who are you?”</p>
<p><em>And why did you come specifically to warn me?</em></p>
<p>“Just someone who wishes you well,” Lumian responded, borrowing a phrase his sister often used in jest.</p>
<p>Without further explanation, he walked past Charlie, squeezing his way onto the dance floor and swiftly disappearing from view.</p>
<p>Charlie felt as though he had been plunged into winter, his body shivering uncontrollably.</p>
<p>During moments like this, memories of Susanna Mattise’s beauty, tenderness, and passion would occasionally flash through his dreams. But every time, those memories would be overshadowed by grotesque images of tree-like warts, blooming flowers, and slimy substances, extinguishing any desire within him. And now, that monster was making a comeback!</p>
<p><em>I should make my way to Église Saint-Robert!</em> Charlie took a few steps toward the exit with the tray in hand, then halted.</p>
<p>He recalled that it was already late at night, and Avenue du Marché would undoubtedly have very few pedestrians at this hour.</p>
<p>Such an environment posed greater danger than the bustling Salle de Bal Brise!</p>
<p><em>Susanna Mattise always invades my dreams, or it’s in the dead of night when everyone is fast asleep. But here, in the dance hall, with so many eyes upon us, she surely won’t dare to appear… Once Ciel returns, I’ll ask him to escort me to Église Saint-Robert… </em>Charlie withdrew his gaze from the door and decided to wait a little longer.</p>
<p>The dance hall, teeming with various sounds and aromas, offered him a sense of security.</p>
<hr />
<p>3 Rue des Blouses Blanches.</p>
<p>Having wiped off his makeup, Lumian rapped on Franca’s door.</p>
<p>Franca’s ponytail had come undone, allowing her flaxen hair to cascade naturally. However, instead of a nightgown, she sported a cotton two-piece pajama set.</p>
<p>Donning summer slippers, she turned to admit Lumian into the room and asked in bewilderment, “Are you here for some mystical knowledge tonight?”</p>
<p>Considering the short time they had been apart—less than two hours—she couldn’t think of any other reason.</p>
<p>After Franca closed the door, Lumian spoke with gravity,“Something’s happening with Charlie. I suspect Susanna Mattise will make a reappearance within the next two days, possibly even tonight.”</p>
<p>“So soon?” Franca couldn’t hide her surprise.</p>
<p>She still hadn’t relayed the issues with Susanna Mattise, Monsieur Ive, and Théâtre de l’Ancienne Cage à Pigeons to 007!</p>
<p>Lumian nodded.</p>
<p>“Although it’s hard to accept, all signs point to my guess being correct.”</p>
<p>“What’s your plan?” Franca wasted no time discussing the possibilities.</p>
<p>Lumian shared his two courses of action with Franca but refrained from mentioning Mr. K’s finger.</p>
<p>Franca regarded him with a smile.</p>
<p>“You’re remarkably composed.</p>
<p>“Didn’t you tell me before that Susanna Mattise is suspected to be a Sequence 5 malevolent spirit? Even if we join forces, we might not be able to defeat her.</p>
<p>“Tsk, are you placing too much confidence in me, or perhaps too much confidence in yourself?”</p>
<p>Lumian smiled. “Both.”</p>
<p>“To have survived the calamity in Cordu, you’re undoubtedly extraordinary.” Franca sighed and glanced at the wall clock in the house. “If we can make it through the night, there shouldn’t be any issues. I’ll inform the authorities swiftly through my connections. Wait for me in the living room.”</p>
<p>She retreated into her master bedroom and busied herself with something.</p>
<p>Lumian settled on the sofa and directed his gaze at the cuckoo wall clock beside him, silently ticking away the minutes.</p>
<p>Nearly half an hour elapsed before Franca emerged from her room. She had changed into a black robe adorned with leather armor and a hood.</p>
<p>“It’s settled. They’ll likely launch the operation tomorrow,” she informed Lumian, then inquired, “Aren’t you concerned that Charlie might encounter trouble on his way to Église Saint-Robert? Even ordinary people can stumble upon malevolent spirits along the roadside in the dead of night.”</p>
<p>Église Saint-Robert served as the primary cathedral of the Eternal Blazing Sun Church in Le Marché du Quartier du Gentleman, near the Suhit steam locomotive station. The attached cemetery had once occupied the space now occupied by Salle de Bal Brise.</p>
<p>Lumian had already considered this.</p>
<p>“I plan to discreetly follow him to the cathedral after Salle de Bal Brise closes.”</p>
<p>“I’ll accompany you.” Franca furrowed her brow and scrutinized Lumian. “Won’t Charlie be at risk in the dance hall? Some evil spirits pay no heed to the presence of others or their numbers.”</p>
<p>Given that Susanna Mattise’s previous appearances hadn’t affected anyone else, Lumian subconsciously believed that she would avoid crowded places. The dance hall was far more crowded than the motel.</p>
<p>Jolted by Franca’s reminder, he exclaimed in a deep voice, “Let’s hurry back to the dance hall!”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
