<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch220.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-217-notarization" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 217: Notarization</h2>
<p>Église Saint-Robert stood proudly near the Suhit steam locomotive station, serving as the bishop cathedral of the Eternal Blazing Sun Church in Le Marché du Quartier du Gentleman.</p>
<p>Its distinctive onion-shaped dome was painted in shimmering gold, representing the radiant sun. Below it stood a white building with gilded edges and a monumental Sun Sacred Emblem.</p>
<p>Adjacent to the cathedral was a bell tower, crowned by a roof fashioned from a gleaming golden sphere.</p>
<p>Observing Jenna entering the cathedral amidst the morning prayer congregation, Franca opted to wait in close proximity.</p>
<p>Uncertain whether the Eternal Blazing Sun cathedral possessed any peculiar enchantments that could render her invisibility ineffective, she remained cautious, unwilling to take any unnecessary risks.</p>
<p>Église Saint-Robert, much like other cathedrals belonging to the Eternal Blazing Sun Church, boasted a resplendent golden base and was adorned with gilded accents throughout. The ornate structure, adorned with vibrant stained glass windows and a vast mural depicting a saint in vivid hues of blue, green, and red, exuded an atmosphere of profound sanctity and grandeur. Every worshiper who entered its hallowed halls couldn’t help but bow their heads in reverence, enveloped by the sacred ambiance.</p>
<p>Jenna made her way to the front of the altar and settled into the second row of seats.</p>
<p>Closing her eyes, she inclined her head forward and crossed her arms, placing them reverently upon her chest.</p>
<p>Having been baptized and frequented the Eternal Blazing Sun cathedral since her youth, Jenna was intimately familiar with this customary ritual, even though she could hardly be considered devout. She swiftly cleared her mind of any distracting thoughts, focusing her entire being on the act of prayer.</p>
<p>Time seemed to stand still as the bishop delivered his sermon.</p>
<p>After nearly fifteen minutes, Jenna opened her eyes and quietly rose to her feet. She proceeded towards a long table positioned along the side of the main hall.</p>
<p>This table spanned an impressive length of 20 to 30 meters, adorned with slender white candles flickering within golden lamps.</p>
<p>Devotees seeking to express their gratitude or admiration for a saint or angel could purchase a candle from the clergyman stationed beside the table, lighting it and placing it within an unoccupied lamp.</p>
<p>Jenna fixed her gaze upon the softly swaying flames for a few fleeting moments before redirecting her attention towards the clergyman dressed in a white robe interwoven with threads of gold.</p>
<p>Her eyes caught sight of a man engaging in the purchase of candles.</p>
<p>He appeared to be in his late twenties, his blond hair immaculately styled and subtly enhanced with cosmetics. His eyes resembled the vivid azure of a tranquil lake, albeit relatively small in size.</p>
<p>Adorned in a white shirt, a yellow vest, and a slim blue tweed coat adorned with two golden buttons, he bore a resemblance to the slightly distinguished gentlemen of Trier, with discernible traces of makeup enhancing his features.</p>
<p>As the man approached an unoccupied lamp with his acquired candle, Jenna moved closer to the clergyman in the resplendent white robe interwoven with golden threads, extending her arms in a welcoming gesture.</p>
<p>“Praise the Sun!”</p>
<p>“Praise the Sun!” the clergyman warmly replied, his smile radiating genuine warmth.</p>
<p>Jenna hesitated briefly for a couple of seconds before uttering, “I seek a blessed necklace.”</p>
<p>Comparing it to the purchase of candles, this act was more devout.</p>
<p>But, naturally, it came with a higher price tag.</p>
<p>The clergyman’s smile widened.</p>
<p>“Sister, how about this one?”</p>
<p>He produced a necklace adorned with a gold Sunbird pendant from among the unsold white candles.</p>
<p>Two rose-red rubies were nestled within the eyes of the Sunbird.</p>
<p>In the Eternal Blazing Sun Church, just as “Brother” was used to address men of the faith, female believers were affectionately called “Sisters.” Some nuns even formed an alliance known as the Nine Sisters Association, working hand in hand with the Brotherhood Minor.</p>
<p>Jenna couldn’t help but sense that this particular necklace must be quite expensive—she could almost hear her wallet crying in protest.</p>
<p>After careful consideration, she ultimately settled on a relatively simple amulet featuring a small Sun Sacred Emblem.</p>
<p>It set her back 30 verl d’or, causing her to wince at the cost.</p>
<p>As an underground singer in the market district, Jenna earned a decent income, especially since her recent rise in popularity. However, it had only been a month since she began gaining recognition. Previously, her earnings were barely sufficient to cover rent, food, performance attire, makeup supplies, and the like, without having to rely on her family for financial support.</p>
<p>Despite now earning nearly 300 verl d’or a month through part-time work, her financial situation still left her feeling uneasy. She had to save for next year’s tuition, ensure her mother wouldn’t worry, and even contribute to the family’s debts.</p>
<p>With the newly acquired amulet adorning her neck, Jenna took a deep breath and departed from Église Saint-Robert, making her way to Théâtre de l’Ancienne Cage à Pigeons before 9 a.m.</p>
<p>The classroom for apprentice actresses was located on the second floor, and Jenna passed by the manager’s office on her way.</p>
<p>The door remained tightly shut, indicating that Maipú Meyer hadn’t arrived at the theater yet.</p>
<p><em>Could he have really fled?</em> Jenna averted her gaze and continued forward.</p>
<p>Shortly thereafter, she walked past the locked door of the exclusive break room belonging to the popular leading actress, Charlotte Calvino.</p>
<p>The door was locked as well.</p>
<p>Jenna exhaled quietly, straightened her posture, and turned into the classroom.</p>
<p>She was late. Gaspar, the instructor for today’s first acting class, had already arrived and was busy addressing a private question from one of the apprentices.</p>
<p>Gaspar, despite being a middle-aged man of dignified demeanor, had the ability to portray a charming playboy on stage.</p>
<hr />
<p>Deep within Underground Trier, nestled within a hollow strewn with remnants of tree branches and vines…</p>
<p>The very center had collapsed, leaving the soil in a state of disarray. Faint marks, as if from hurried footsteps, led towards an unknown destination.</p>
<p>Angoulême de François followed the path indicated by the cardinals and found himself standing at the precipice, his eyes fixed on the bewildering sight before him.</p>
<p>Those filthy rodents had relocated once more!</p>
<p>In response to the signal from the cardinals, Angoulême unsheathed a golden longsword that appeared to be forged from condensed light from a grayish-white mechanical doll.</p>
<p>With a swift motion, the sword plunged into the ground, causing the bluish-green and withered branches and vines to erupt into flames. Yet, no trace of black smoke ascended.</p>
<p>As the fiery shroud dissipated, the true nature of the ground, walls, and ceiling came into view for Angoulême and his companions.</p>
<p>A multitude of serpents, slimy and cold, writhed and entwined, engaging in frenzied mating rituals. Countless gray rats tore at each other relentlessly, refusing to retreat until death claimed them. Diverse insects devoured leaves and soil with such voracity that they burst open from overindulgence…</p>
<hr />
<p>As the realization dawned upon Franca that the plainclothes police had covertly sealed off Théâtre de l’Ancienne Cage à Pigeons, she swiftly withdrew from the brick-red three-story edifice and sought refuge in a nearby side alley. From her concealed vantage point, she observed the situation unfolding on the second floor.</p>
<p>As the first acting lesson neared its end, Jenna couldn’t help but notice the conspicuous absence of Maipú Meyer, who typically lingered by the classroom door.</p>
<p>Just then, a group of black-uniformed police officers entered, clutching lists in their hands.</p>
<p>The leader called for a momentary pause in the lecture and addressed the assembled individuals.</p>
<p>“Maipú Meyer has been confirmed as a heinous heretic. We must ascertain your faith.”</p>
<p>Gasps and exclamations erupted, momentarily plunging the scene into disarray.</p>
<p>“Silence!” bellowed the leading officer. “I shall read out your names, and you will sign this pledge as a witness before God. No one shall deceive.”</p>
<p><em>Ascertaining of faith…</em> Jenna’s racing heart found a measure of solace.</p>
<p>One by one, the teachers and apprentice actresses stepped forward, receiving a pledge form from one of the police officers. They diligently completed their declarations of faith, appending their signatures to solidify their commitment.</p>
<p>Before long, Jenna heard her own name being called.</p>
<p>“Celia Bello.”</p>
<p>She approached with composure, collecting a pledge form and a scarlet fountain pen.</p>
<p>The contents of the pledge were as follows:</p>
<p>“I solemnly swear that my faith in the ____ remains unyielding to this day.</p>
<p>“Affirmer: ____</p>
<p>“Notary: ____</p>
<p>Jenna filled in the first two blanks with “Eternal Blazing Sun” and “Celia Bello” respectively before returning the completed pledge and the fountain pen to the police.</p>
<p>Once all the actors and apprentices had signed the pledge, they were instructed to remain confined within the classroom, rehearsal room, and other designated areas until further notice, unable to venture beyond those confines.</p>
<hr />
<p>Within the manager’s office that had previously been occupied by Maipú Meyer, a gathering took place to collect the signed pledges.</p>
<p>Several devout members of the Eternal Blazing Sun Church, known as Beyonders, took turns wielding a fountain pen crafted from pure gold. With deliberate strokes, they inscribed the initials “D.E.” in the designated Notary space.</p>
<p>The ink they used appeared to be a vivid shade of crimson, reminiscent of fresh blood.</p>
<p>Upon the completion of each pledge, a shimmering golden aura would briefly envelop the document before dissipating back to its original state.</p>
<p>Every so often, a pledge would emit an ominous, blood-red glow, accompanied by piercing screams emanating from the same floor.</p>
<p>Even those actors and apprentices who employed aliases, long-established pseudonyms recognized by those in their midst, possessed mystical connections that were intricately intertwined.</p>
<hr />
<p>Auberge du Coq Doré, Room 504.</p>
<p>Charlie lay restless in bed, his weariness unable to lull him into sleep.</p>
<p>All of a sudden, a knock echoed through the room.</p>
<p>“Who’s there?” Charlie called out, startled, as he sat up in bed, resembling a startled bird.</p>
<p>“Angoulême de François.” The voice from beyond the door was deep, yet carried a compelling warmth.</p>
<p>Charlie’s mind immediately conjured the image of the Monsieur who had interrogated him about Madame Alice’s demise. Hastily, he rose from his bed and swung the door open.</p>
<p>Standing before him were Angoulême, with his blond hair, golden brows, and beard, and Imre, whose brown skin and full lips bore the traces of Southern Continent heritage.</p>
<p>“What brings you here, Monsieur François?” Charlie inquired cautiously.</p>
<p>Simultaneously, a thought flashed across his mind.</p>
<p><em>Could these be the official Beyonders whom Ciel and Red Boots mentioned?</em></p>
<p>Angoulême did not immediately respond. He stepped into Charlie’s room, gesturing for Imre to shut the wooden door behind them.</p>
<p>Casting a sweeping glance around, he finally spoke.</p>
<p>“I bring bad news. Susanna Mattise is not entirely deceased. She may appear before you at any time in the future.”</p>
<p>Charlie couldn’t conceal his disappointment, pain, confusion, and fear.</p>
<p>“What should I do?”</p>
<p>Angoulême nodded gently.</p>
<p>“But there is good news as well. We intend to offer you a clerical position within our ranks. This will provide you with enhanced protection.</p>
<p>“Your monthly salary will amount to 320 verl d’or, and there will be a confidentiality agreement in place as compensation. For the initial one or two months, you will need to undergo an Intisian improvement course. Consider it an internship period, with a stipend of 200 verl d’or. Once you successfully pass the assessment, you will become a full-time employee.</p>
<p>“Are you willing? We do not wish to force this proposal upon you.”</p>
<p><em>320 verl d’or per month? And improved protection? </em>These words echoed within Charlie’s mind. He believed that no ordinary person could turn down such a remarkable opportunity.</p>
<p>He was satisfied even with his current job as an attendant, which earned him 80 verl d’or monthly!</p>
<p>Recalling the hints dropped by Lumian and Franca, Charlie responded with surprise and delight, “Absolutely no problem!”</p>
<hr />
<p>By the window of Room 207, Lumian positioned himself in front of a wooden table, observing Charlie as he followed the two strangers towards Avenue du Marché.</p>
<p>He focused his attention, seeking any changes in Charlie’s luck, but found none.</p>
<p>This meant that the two individuals were not Actors manipulating the situation!</p>
<p>Lumian’s gaze then shifted to the blond man, intrigued to discover what kind of fortune the official Beyonder possessed.</p>
<p>Suddenly, an intense wave of danger washed over him. He instinctively crouched down, reducing his profile.</p>
<p>Angoulême turned his head, his eyes filled with confusion, as he looked at the Auberge du Coq Doré’s windows.</p>
<p>He sensed that someone was observing him.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
