<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch248.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-245-speech" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 245: “Speech”</h2>
<p>All eyes turned towards Hugues Artois, the distinguished member of parliament, his prominent nose and graying temples giving him an air of refinement. He had quickly regained his composure and wore a smile as he spoke.</p>
<p>“There’s no need to fret. If the assailant possessed the means to breach two layers of defense and confront me directly, there would be no reason to go through the trouble of assassinating Tybalt. This seems more like an act of blackmail, a surface-level threat.”</p>
<p>The four members of the campaign present nodded simultaneously, coming to the conclusion that Monsieur Member of Parliament’s deduction was accurate.</p>
<p>Hugues Artois turned to the lady with red hair.</p>
<p>“Cassandra, my knowledge of mysticism is limited. I have only heard that Beyonders can extract the truth from a deceased soul through spirit channeling. Will Tybalt’s spirit betray us?”</p>
<p>Cassandra, with her red hair flowing, slowly shook her head.</p>
<p>“Under normal circumstances, we would have to take the risk of cleansing the situation. However, in the recent attack, the assassin clearly took ample time to obliterate Tybalt’s spirit, thereby concealing his own identity. It’s equivalent to assisting us.”</p>
<p>Hugues Artois nodded slightly and cast a glance at the two anxious secretaries. With a smile, he reassured them.</p>
<p>“Rhône, Margaret, fear not. Time is on our side, and the future lies within our grasp. A minor setback will not hinder the ultimate outcome.</p>
<p>“You must always believe that our actions represent justice.”</p>
<p>Rhône, donning gold-rimmed spectacles, and the refined Margaret were bewildered. They couldn’t fathom being associated with the concept of “justice.”</p>
<p>Not only them, but even Cassandra with her red hair and the middle-aged, muscular Boduva looked at Hugues Artois in confusion, sensing they might have misheard.</p>
<p>Cautiously, Hugues Artois glanced towards the door, silently questioning if anyone might be eavesdropping.</p>
<p>After the red-haired Cassandra nodded, he launched into an impromptu speech.</p>
<p>“Ladies and gentlemen, while I may not possess the ability to convert and pray for a boon due to a binding contract, I have acquired a profound understanding of our world.</p>
<p>“You, better than anyone, should be aware that the vast cosmos above us represents an expansive universe. Countless planets exist within it, each akin to its own world. Many of these worlds harbor their own civilizations. The world we inhabit is but one among an endless expanse, as insignificant as a speck of dust.</p>
<p>“The seven deities have imprisoned us in this realm, preventing us from making contact with the civilizations that thrive in the universe. They desire our blindness and deafness, seeking to keep us enslaved for generations.</p>
<p>“They label these magnificent beings as evil gods. They weave falsehoods, warning us of the peril that lies in believing in these evil gods. Their goal is to prevent us from making contact with these higher civilizations, to keep us confined.</p>
<p>“If the belief in an evil god were genuinely dangerous, why do numerous civilizations in the universe, comprising different species, still exist?</p>
<p>“They are afraid. If these mighty entities were to descend upon our world, They alone would face destruction. Only the Saints, Angels, and fanatics who follow Them would be affected. For most people, it would merely be a shift in faith, devoid of peril.</p>
<p>“Believing in one of the seven deities is deemed faith, but believing in other great beings is not?</p>
<p>“We can no longer remain captive to the seven deities. We must venture forth into the future of humankind and the course of civilization. From the mere fact that boons can be obtained, these great beings are mightier than the seven deities. They will bestow protection and willingly offer their power. Their divine benevolence is boundless, akin to the vast sea.</p>
<p>“In the days to come, when we navigate the universe and reflect upon the journey we have undertaken, you shall come to comprehend that our cause is one of justice.</p>
<p>“In this process, death is an inevitability, yet those who perish are deserving. They are either aged, feeble, unlucky, or destined to meet such a fate. Most of the blame does not lie with us.</p>
<p>“Furthermore, they constitute only a minority. We cannot impede the majority from seeking refuge with a higher civilization, pursuing a better future.</p>
<p>“Ladies and gentlemen, sacrifices are inherent in any cause. As long as we steadfastly believe that our actions are driven by justice and persist unwaveringly, the future shall unquestionably be ours!</p>
<p>“In a decade’s time, humanity will secure a ticket to join the circle of cosmic civilization. We shall no longer be barbarians, hiding in the shadows of obscurity!”</p>
<p>The red-haired Cassandra, Secretary Rhône, and the rest were left dumbfounded.</p>
<p>Who was the true believer of the evil god?</p>
<p>Each had their own reasons for following different evil gods, and deep down, they knew they had veered onto the wrong path. Nevertheless, they had already set foot on this journey and had no choice but to press forward. Thus, they either used faith as a facade to gradually reshape their understanding, or they completely surrendered themselves, seeking any motivation to propel them onward.</p>
<p>And yet, Hugues Artois, someone who clearly wasn’t a believer and hadn’t received any favors or undergone significant assimilation, managed to speak such astonishing and captivating words straight from the depths of his heart.</p>
<p>The four members of the campaign were taken aback, realizing the sense behind Hugues Artois’ words, causing them to reevaluate the meaning behind their past actions.</p>
<p>After a few moments, the red-haired Cassandra let out a slow exhale. She looked at Hugues Artois and sincerely praised him.</p>
<p>“An exceptional speech, Monsieur Member of Parliament. In the future, when you choose your faith, I can recommend one for you.”</p>
<p>“Oh?” Hugues Artois inquired in a nasal voice.</p>
<p>Cassandra smiled and elaborated.</p>
<p>“Among the boons bestowed by that individual is one called Orator.”</p>
<p>Hugues Artois nodded and flashed a relaxed smile towards the four members of the team.</p>
<p>“Do not be disheartened by Tybalt’s demise. We will remain steadfast in our original plan.”</p>
<p>Cassandra, Rhône, Margaret, and Boduva responded in unison.</p>
<p>“Yes, Monsieur Member of Parliament.”</p>
<hr />
<p>In the depths of Underground Trier.</p>
<p>Lumian took a detour and returned to the quarry cave. Swiftly, he shed his clothes and shoes, removing the wig and beard that concealed his true appearance.</p>
<p>Once he changed back into his ragged tramp attire and adorned a dark-blue cap, semi-translucent crimson Fire Ravens materialized around him.</p>
<p>The Fire Ravens darted out, alighting upon the cane, shirt, bow tie, wig, and other objects, causing them to erupt in soft explosions of flame.</p>
<p>Lumian, having turned his back, proceeded towards the exit of Underground Trier. Crimson flames surged in his wake, consuming everything related to the previous attack, casting an illuminating glow within the dark cavern below.</p>
<hr />
<p>Around midnight, in the depths of the Eternal Blazing Sun Inquisition beneath Église Saint-Robert.</p>
<p>Angoulême de François, engrossed in perusing the investigation records, heard a knock on his office door.</p>
<p>His brown coat, adorned with two rows of golden buttons, hung neatly on a coat rack near the entrance. He wore a light golden shirt featuring the emblem of the Sun Sacred Order, along with dark brown pants.</p>
<p>“Please, come in,” Angoulême calmly invited.</p>
<p>Valentine, powdered hair and face adorned with subtle makeup, entered the room.</p>
<p>He had been preoccupied with thoughts of Cordu all this time. Upon learning of survivors appearing in the Trier region, he had submitted an application and transferred to this post. His wife and child had long yearned for the bustling city of Trier, so they eagerly moved with him without much persuasion.</p>
<p>He was on night duty with a few teammates and happened to encounter the murder of the member of parliament’s assistant secretary.</p>
<p>Valentine, clad in a slim blue tweed coat with a golden brooch, took a seat across from Angoulême and spoke directly.</p>
<p>“Deacon, why haven’t we investigated Hugues Artois?</p>
<p>“While most members of the Aurora Order may be crazy, they possess an uncanny ability to detect heretics. Although not every person they target is a believer in the evil gods, at least 70% are.</p>
<p>“Considering the information we’ve gathered, we can reasonably conclude that Tybalt Jacques, who met his demise tonight, was a heretic and wielded the power of decay. Furthermore, he served as Hugues Artois’s assistant secretary.</p>
<p>“We cannot allow a highly suspicious individual to continue serving as a member of parliament. Investigating him is not only a responsibility to the people of the market district, but also to Hugues Artois himself. If we find no evidence of wrongdoing, we can assist him in purging any heretics surrounding him.”</p>
<p>Angoulême hadn’t anticipated his new team leader to be more devout and zealous than himself. He couldn’t help but raise his hand and furrow his brows.</p>
<p>With a bitter smile, he responded.</p>
<p>“Perhaps you are unaware, but every member of parliament has signed a contract with the two Churches and received a notarized contract.</p>
<p>“In this contract, they pledge their faith, display their abilities and associated sources. The two Churches promise not to restrict the personal freedom of any member of parliament or their key staff without substantial and compelling evidence. They won’t be subject to the influence of Beyonders.</p>
<p>“This is to safeguard the authority of the National Convention.</p>
<p>“According to the contract, Hugues Artois believes fervently in the mighty Eternal Blazing Sun and is not a Beyonder.</p>
<p>“Hence, you may question him and his core staff, but that is the extent of it.”</p>
<p>Valentine couldn’t conceal his disappointment.</p>
<p>“Why is such a contract in place?”</p>
<p>“It is a byproduct of the past coup d’état, a change that accompanied the course of history,” Angoulême provided a simple explanation.</p>
<p>Valentine let out a sigh, rose from his seat, and extended his arms.</p>
<p>“Praise the Sun!”</p>
<p>“Praise the Sun!” Angoulême stood up and returned the gesture, watching his subordinate exit the office.</p>
<hr />
<p>Quartier de Noël, Holy Palace Hospital.</p>
<p>Jenna sat upon a small stool, slumped beside her mother Elodie’s lightly slumbering form in the hospital bed.</p>
<p>After bidding farewell to Franca and sending her brother Julien home, who had to attend to his factory duties come dawn, Jenna found herself alone. The Théâtre de l’Ancienne Cage à Pigeons had yet to resume its acting training, as plans were underway to auction it, along with Auberge du Coq Doré, at the police headquarters. However, the recent explosion at the Goodville Chemical Factory had caused a delay in those proceedings.</p>
<p>Suddenly, Elodie stirred. Jenna startled awake, her eyes fixating on her mother, who gradually opened her own.</p>
<p>Elodie’s gaze mirrored the face of her daughter as she mustered a smile.</p>
<p>“I thought I was about to see your father.”</p>
<p>Without awaiting Jenna’s reply, Elodie inquired, her voice frail, “How are my injuries?”</p>
<p>Jenna, overjoyed to witness her mother awaken from her coma, beamed genuinely and responded, “They’re not severe. Look, no surgery is required.”</p>
<p>Elodie heaved a sigh of relief and nodded slowly.</p>
<p>Still recovering from her coma, her body and mind weren’t yet in their prime state. After a brief exchange, she drifted back into slumber.</p>
<p>Jenna clasped her mother’s hand and beheld the contentment that graced the wrinkled, gray-haired countenance beneath the gentle illumination streaming in from the window.</p>
<p>Observing for a while longer, she glanced upward and caught sight of the first rays of dawn gradually painting the sky with light.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
