<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch257.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-254-the-weight-of-history" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 254: The Weight of History</h2>
<p>Franca clutched the Judgment card tightly and chanted in Hermes, “Rain judgment!”</p>
<p>The ordinary-looking tarot card remained unchanged, but within a few seconds, Auberge du Coq Doré trembled visibly.</p>
<p>The brownish-green branches and turquoise vines that covered the building’s facade receded, as if filled with fear.</p>
<p>Franca’s view through the window expanded. She witnessed the sky merging with the ethereal canopy of a colossal tree. The clouds appeared to be caught in a hurricane, swirling in unison.</p>
<p>As the wind shifted, numerous white clouds gathered, forming a massive vortex that descended to the ground, elongating into a sword-like gust that bridged heaven and earth.</p>
<p>The sword descended, and a figure stood unwavering in the middle of Rue Anarchie.</p>
<p>It was a woman with shoulder-length blond hair, donned in a traditional grayish-white knight’s training attire.</p>
<p>Standing over 1.5 meters tall, her features were exquisite, and her eyes exuded a commanding aura of dignity, demanding submission and obedience.</p>
<p>Rue Anarchie, where she stood, was no longer recognizable. The surrounding buildings, the narrow roads, and the vendors and pedestrians, consumed by their own desires, were divided and scattered across the strange wilderness, blending with the other streets.</p>
<p>Interwoven roots sprouted from the ground, connecting the scattered sections. Radiating from the brownish-green tree at the center, they spread out layer by layer, growing denser as they neared the core.</p>
<p>The streets occupied by the colossal tree remained hidden from the outside world, thanks to this strange wilderness!</p>
<p>Franca let out a sigh of relief at the sight of the short yet dignified lady with blond hair.</p>
<p>Grasping the Judgment and Two of Cups cards, she blurted out, “Praise The Fool! Praise Madam Judgement!”</p>
<p>As soon as the woman known as Madam Judgment landed, her gaze fell upon the side of the brownish-green tree. Unbeknownst to Franca, a cradle-like dark-red open carriage had appeared there at some point. Two towering creatures with goat horns, pitch-black bodies, and burning dark flames pulled the carriage. They seemed to be Demons.</p>
<p>Seated within the carriage was a woman wearing a light-colored veil. She adorned a loose white robe, her slightly swollen belly emanating a tangible maternal glow.</p>
<p>Lady Moon!</p>
<p>The strange wilderness was her Paramita world!</p>
<p><em>Lady Moon… You have emerged from the rat’s hole…</em> The eyes of Judgment, the blond-haired lady, instantly took on an ethereal quality, as if touched by a golden hue.</p>
<p>Through her eyes, she perceived the intertwining Beyonder powers that existed within the woman on the carriage, manifesting in different colors and states.</p>
<p>“Deprivation!” Madam Judgment’s solemn voice resounded.</p>
<p>It was an ancient Hermes word.</p>
<p>With a simple gesture of her right hand, Madam Judgment temporarily stripped the ability to copulate between creatures of different genders.</p>
<p>Immediately after, Madam Judgment leaned forward, pushed out her palm, and declared in ancient Hermes, “Exile!”</p>
<p>With a whirring sound, an invisible and majestic force coalesced into a terrifying hurricane, howling before Lady Moon.</p>
<p>Unfazed by distance, it materialized directly where the carriage was.</p>
<p>Beneath Lady Moon’s veil, her faintly discernible red lips parted as she took deep breaths.</p>
<p>The exaggerated hurricane, capable of toppling an entire building, seemed to find an outlet in a confined vessel. It surged into Lady Moon’s mouth and permeated her body.</p>
<p>In just a second, the hurricane dissipated into nothingness, completely absorbed by Lady Moon.</p>
<p>With a radiant maternal glow, she extended her right hand, caressing her swollen stomach with tenderness.</p>
<hr />
<p>The cerulean sky and billowing clouds resembled exquisite paintings, while the earth beneath was a realm entwined with tree roots.</p>
<p>Lumian’s gaze met Susanna Mattise perched atop the crown of the tree, and they exchanged a knowing look. In an instant, semi-ethereal crimson Fire Ravens materialized around him.</p>
<p>The Fire Ravens circled and soared towards the heavens, but they couldn’t breach the ethereal canopy of the tree. They could only approach, their presence without touch.</p>
<p>They alighted upon the brownish-green trunk, scorching it with blackened marks.</p>
<p>Observing this, Lumian swiftly shifted his focus.</p>
<p>He had discovered earlier that flames possessed the ability to inflict certain damage upon the enigmatic entity known as the Tree of Shadow!</p>
<p>Crimson fireballs condensed one after another, hurtling towards the branches of the tree. Yet, they merely singed them without evident impact.</p>
<p>Lumian paused momentarily. Susanna Mattise was preoccupied with something, and Charlotte Calvino had yet to recover from her burns. It was suspected that she had taken refuge within an illusory scene, allowing the crimson flames in his palm to accumulate layer by layer until they transformed into a fist-sized sphere of searing incandescence.</p>
<p><em>Boom!</em></p>
<p>The explosion caused by the incandescent fireball was several times more powerful than before, but not a single fragment of the Tree of Shadow’s bark fell. Only a larger area of charred flesh and the faint whiff of a colossal light-colored blossom attested to the reality of the incandescent white flame stream.</p>
<p>Lumian’s expression turned grave. After a moment of contemplation, a spear formed from blazing white flames materialized in his hand.</p>
<p>He hurled the spear towards the brownish-green tree, witnessing it puncture needle-sized holes in the charred bark before disintegrating into a cascade of flames that spread across various sections of the tree.</p>
<p>Witnessing this, Lumian’s heart clenched as he recalled his sister Aurore’s favored phrase for describing those who overestimate their abilities to the point of impracticality: <em>“It’s akin to an ant attempting to shake a towering oak.”</em></p>
<p>Lumian’s anxiety, impatience, and fear compelled him to unleash his fists.</p>
<p>His clenched fists were engulfed in crimson flames.</p>
<p>As he struck the brownish-green tree, a wisp of fire infiltrated its surface.</p>
<p>Fire Infusion!</p>
<p>Lumian sought to bypass the Tree of Shadow’s resilient outer bark and directly harm its core.</p>
<p><em>Bam! Bam! Bam!</em></p>
<p>His flaming fists pummeled the trunk of the brownish-green tree, as if he aimed to inject every accumulated flame within his being into it.</p>
<p><em>Bam! Bam! Bam!</em> After a flurry of frenzied attacks, he retracted his fists and took a step back.</p>
<p><em>Rumble!</em></p>
<p>A muffled explosion reverberated from within the tree trunk, causing the charred bark to finally crumble away, consumed by flames.</p>
<p>In an instant, an ethereal mist enveloped the scene, as if a long-forgotten beautiful dream had been set ablaze by a match.</p>
<p>Lumian found himself momentarily lost in a haze, as if he had transformed into the protagonist of that dream—a man engaged in a passionate encounter with an enchanting woman wearing an exquisite dress, her hem teasingly lifted.</p>
<p>The unfamiliar sensation felt so vivid that Lumian believed himself to be living it firsthand.</p>
<p>Abruptly, a sharp pain shot through his ankle, snapping him out of the reverie. He discovered numerous branches and vines emerging from his surroundings, stealthily coiling around his feet, their thorns piercing through his blood-colored robe, sinking into his flesh, and greedily drinking his blood.</p>
<p>Lumian grunted, crimson wisps emanating from his body, manifesting into a vibrant cloak of fiery flames that swathed his robe of flesh and blood.</p>
<p>Amidst crackling sounds, the branches and vines ignited, quickly withering into brittle twigs and ashen remnants.</p>
<p>Seizing the opportunity, Lumian swiftly retreated, his gaze fixed upon the wound he had inflicted.</p>
<p>His eyes met the same brownish-green bark, albeit slightly recessed compared to its surroundings.</p>
<p>Beneath the bark… more bark!</p>
<p>Lumian’s pupils dilated as he gleaned the gravity of the situation.</p>
<p>The Tree of Shadow had been nurtured by the abnormal desires of Trier’s denizens for one to two millennia. Each piece of bark likely represented specific human activities from a particular era, layered upon one another, carrying the weight of history and the subtleties of humanity.</p>
<p>In simple terms, Lumian realized that if he wished to destroy the Tree of Shadow, he would have to confront countless desires accumulated over the span of two thousand years. And he had exhausted his strength to vanquish merely one desire, perhaps one in a billion, or even billions upon billions.</p>
<p>How could he possibly prevail?</p>
<p>Only then did Lumian comprehend the abnormality of his actions.</p>
<p>He had been focused on assaulting the Tree of Shadow instead of seeking an escape route.</p>
<p>An exchange of glances with Susanna Mattise brought forth fear, anxiety, and a deluge of emotions.</p>
<p><em>No wonder Susanna Mattise allowed me to act freely. No wonder the injured Charlotte Calvino didn’t intervene…</em> Lumian had been cautious of the Fallen Tree Spirits and Actors that could evoke desires and emotions, yet he had unknowingly fallen under their sway.</p>
<p>Once more, he raised his gaze and beheld Susanna Mattise, her hair a cascade of turquoise, nimbly shifting positions within the ethereal canopy, uttering an arcane incantation. Charlotte Calvino resumed her enigmatic actions, traversing illusory scenes, her attire, hairstyle, and makeup transforming to mirror various eras. It was no mere performance.</p>
<p>As Lumian’s thoughts raced, dizziness assailed him, and his strength rapidly waned.</p>
<p>Such a sensation was foreign to him, but he had subjected others to its effects.</p>
<p>The sedative concocted by the Bliss Society!</p>
<p>Ever the keen observer of his surroundings, Lumian swiftly took out the Mysticism Smelling Salts, his attention drawn to the multitude of pallid flowers adorning the brownish-green tree.</p>
<p>He suspected they were responsible for releasing the sedative gas!</p>
<p><em>Achoo!</em></p>
<p>In the midst of his sneeze, Lumian pivoted, intending to distance himself from the Tree of Shadow.</p>
<p>Yet, Mr. K remained absent.</p>
<p>In the blink of an eye, roots emerged from the earth, intertwining to erect a formidable wooden barricade, surpassing ten meters in height, encircling the brownish-green tree and obstructing Lumian’s path to freedom.</p>
<p>Lumian halted and pivoted on his heel. Countless fractures marred the trunk, branches, and roots of the Tree of Shadow. Some crevices harbored moist, light-colored flowers, while others resembled cavernous mouths oozing with viscous slime, swiftly elongating toward him.</p>
<p>Trapped with no means of escape, Lumian’s lips curled into a smirk.</p>
<p>Without warning, he extended his right hand, pressing it firmly against his left chest. He spoke with a derisive tone, “Termiboros, they truly underestimate your worth. They actually intend to employ you as a sacrifice.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
