<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch263.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-260-cracking" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 260: Cracking</h2>
<p>It didn’t take long for Lumian, Franca, and Anthony to approach the Tree of Shadow, stepping within the effective range of Susanna’s powers.</p>
<p>One of them had run out of Mysticism Smelling Salts and was consumed by crimson flames. His skin grew numb, but his flesh still burned with pain. Another moved gracefully, constantly shifting positions. Every now and then, she would inhale the scent of the metal canister in her hand and let out a sneeze. The third employed the Psychiatrist’s Placate ability to pacify his emotions and desires.</p>
<p>In the ethereal crown of the tree, Susanna Mattise, positioned only four to five meters above the ground, grunted. Franca, dressed in a blouse and light-colored trousers, saw her reflection in Susanna’s eyes.</p>
<p>Suddenly, intense fear gripped Franca.</p>
<p>Yet, this fear didn’t arise from the outside world or grow abnormally intense. Rather, it originated from her understanding of the current situation and her desire to survive.</p>
<p>Susanna Mattise, fused with the peculiar tree, couldn’t be treated as a mere Sequence 5. She ought to be regarded as a weakened Sequence 4, one lacking an incomplete Mythical Creature form!</p>
<p>Franca believed that Susanna Mattise would swiftly dispatch her, Lumian, and the information broker.</p>
<p>Before saving anyone, she had to save herself!</p>
<p>Franca halted, her yearning for life impossible to suppress.</p>
<p>She struggled, torn between the urge to flee and the nagging feeling that she shouldn’t abandon her teammates.</p>
<p>Susanna Mattise’s emerald eyes shifted toward Anthony Reid.</p>
<p>The information broker, his emotions and desires now stabilized, shuddered suddenly, an all-too-familiar fear surging from the depths of his heart.</p>
<p><em>A Spectator afflicted by severe mental deficiencies is all too easy to deal with…</em> Anthony Reid fully comprehended his predicament, yet he lacked the power to resist.</p>
<p>A helpless sigh escaped his lips. When his Placate failed, he trembled and retreated to a corner, succumbing to overwhelming fear.</p>
<p>Swiftly, Susanna Mattise incapacitated Lumian’s two companions, leaving them unable to offer aid for the moment.</p>
<p>Then, she directed her gaze at Lumian, who stood less than ten meters away from the Tree of Shadow.</p>
<p>As an evil spirit, Susanna possessed boundless extremism and persistence. She still sought to capture this sacrifice.</p>
<p>Despite the ritual causing a great uproar, prompting numerous Saints and even Angels to rush and intervene, making its success unlikely, the Tree of Shadow could not be destroyed. It wouldn’t even suffer significant harm. Unless the Eternal Blazing Sun or the God of Steam and Machinery were willing to bury the millions of people residing in Trier and expose even graver underlying problems underground, there would always be another opportunity, even if the present one failed.</p>
<p>As long as Lumian remained within her grasp, the sacrificial offering that perfectly sealed an Angel, it wouldn’t take long for Susanna to attempt the ritual once more!</p>
<p>Hence, the malevolent spirit, Susanna Mattise, desired to capture Lumian alive.</p>
<p>In an instant, Lumian’s pace slowed, his mind consumed by the same thoughts.</p>
<p><em>I mustn’t die. I mustn’t die. If I perish, Aurore will have no hope of revival…</em></p>
<p><em>I must survive and uncover the truth behind the Cordu disaster. I must understand why Aurore believes in Inevitability…</em></p>
<p><em>These people have no connection to me. What does it matter if they die? Don’t countless lives perish every day in this world? Can I even prevent that?</em></p>
<p>“…”</p>
<p>Lumian’s pace grew sluggish, his expression contorting in agony.</p>
<p>The fiery crimson flames that engulfed him continued to burn, inflicting pain while also sharpening his senses.</p>
<p>But the more aware he became, the stronger his desire to survive.</p>
<p>This time, Susanna’s influence over his desires had not faltered.</p>
<p>The Fallen Tree Spirit summoned an array of vines, branches, and tree trunks from the Tree of Shadow, ensnaring Lumian within a small circular perimeter of less than ten meters. The once open space transformed into a dense, ancient forest teeming with vegetation.</p>
<p>Damp, pale-hued flowers sprouted from the roots, vines, and branches, releasing odorless anesthetic gasses that threatened to lull the surroundings into a deep slumber.</p>
<p>In that moment, Lumian’s yearning for life aligned with his other thoughts.</p>
<p>To escape this dire predicament and survive, he had to press forward and defeat Susanna Mattise!</p>
<p>Lumian surged forward once more, gathering semi-illusory crimson flames behind him, spiraling them toward Susanna Mattise, who hovered merely four meters above the ground.</p>
<p>He didn’t expect this assault to harm the Fallen Tree Spirit. After all, Susanna Mattise had merged with the Tree of Shadow, granting her formidable defenses and vitality. Moreover, she wasn’t a mindless foe who couldn’t dodge attacks or employ superpowers to safeguard herself.</p>
<p>Lumian’s objective was to momentarily disrupt Susanna Mattise’s focus and impede her from inciting another desire immediately.</p>
<p>This time, the crimson Fire Ravens managed to breach the ethereal barrier. They passed through the weakened defenses and hurtled toward Susanna Mattise.</p>
<p>Layers of brownish-green vines and branches encased Susanna Mattise, enveloping her in a wooden sphere, her pair of green eyes the only feature visible.</p>
<p>Amidst the rumbling, the plant-like encasement exploded, replaced swiftly by fresh growth.</p>
<p>Meanwhile, less than ten meters slipped away in the blink of an eye for Lumian.</p>
<p>Vast amounts of slumberous gas corroded his body, but they were swiftly consumed and evaporated by the searing crimson flames. The charred scent of his flesh neutralized the remaining fumes, leaving only a small portion to infiltrate Lumian’s nostrils.</p>
<p>His thoughts slowed, his head spun, yet his movements remained unaffected for the time being.</p>
<p>Harnessing his momentum, Lumian alternated between his left and right feet, launching a forceful kick against the brownish-green trunk. He propelled himself forward by a couple of meters before leaping high into the air, his gaze fixed upon Susanna Mattise.</p>
<p>Behind him, a colossal fireball gradually took shape. His eyes reflected the wooden sphere and Susanna Mattise’s emerald-green gaze.</p>
<p>It seemed as though he intended to hurtle himself at the treetop, obliterating the encasing of plants with the mighty fireball.</p>
<p>This particular stance bore an evident element of showmanship. Lumian’s desire to perform had been subtly provoked by Susanna Mattise, even if his ceaseless pain could only be slightly suppressed.</p>
<p>Susanna Mattise grinned, allowing sharp brownish-green tree trunks to emerge from the surface of the encasement like a porcupine baring its spikes, ready to impale any unsuspecting prey.</p>
<p>Once Lumian sustained grave injuries, the vines and branches forming the sphere would unfurl, taking complete control of their captive.</p>
<p>As the massive fireball solidified, Lumian began his descent.</p>
<p>Yet, instead of lunging at Susanna Mattise, he regarded her with an air of superiority, eye to eye.</p>
<p>Still, he refrained from attacking. He continued his descent. Susanna Mattise wore a puzzled expression, perplexed by his failure to walk into her trap.</p>
<p>Only when Lumian touched down below the treetop did he make his next move.</p>
<p>The massive, incomplete fireball detonated, propelling him toward the trunk of the Tree of Shadow like a cannonball.</p>
<p>In his left hand, he wielded Fallen Mercury, now adorned with cracks.</p>
<p>Right from the start, Lumian hadn’t set his sights on Susanna Mattise, who possessed freedom of movement and the advantages of being a Sequence 5. It would be highly risky, with little chance of success and much danger involved.</p>
<p>His sole objective was to strike the Tree of Shadow with Fallen Mercury, a single strike!</p>
<p>Without the enhancement of Termiboros, Fallen Mercury alone wouldn’t be enough to alter the fate of the brownish-green tree. However, Lumian was confident that Susanna Mattise had fused to some extent with the Tree of Shadow. As the name “Fallen Tree Spirit” implied, a tree was necessary to embody a tree spirit.</p>
<p>This understanding derived not only from Lumian’s observations but also from Franca’s speculations and Susanna Mattise’s own admissions and actions.</p>
<p>In essence, when Fallen Mercury pierced the Tree of Shadow, there was a strong possibility that it would alter the fate of Susanna Mattise, who had merged with it, rather than the fate of the Tree of Shadow itself!</p>
<p>Lumian’s actions were intended to deceive Susanna Mattise into overconfidence, ensuring she wouldn’t impede his approach to the Tree of Shadow or hinder him from gathering a fireball for propulsion.</p>
<p>And Susanna Mattise’s manipulation of his desire to perform only fueled Lumian’s confidence further.</p>
<p>Though acting was a waste of time and could potentially lead to missed opportunities, it also served as a cover for one’s true intentions!</p>
<p>With a loud crash, Lumian and Fallen Mercury collided with the brownish-green trunk. Ribs cracked, wrist snapped, his entire body battered by the explosion and impact. But he managed to drive the pewter-black dirk through the outer bark and into the second layer.</p>
<p>As expected, Lumian didn’t “see” the torrent of historical scenes. Instead, he sensed the illusionary river, shimmering with a mercury hue, that belonged to Susanna Mattise.</p>
<p>In the next instant, his desire was manipulated once again, and a barrage of javelins rained down from the ethereal tree crown.</p>
<p>Releasing his hold on the pewter-black dirk, Lumian entrusted the rest to Fallen Mercury.</p>
<p>He plummeted to the ground, using the pain to reclaim consciousness. With a swift roll, he evaded the tree javelins that impaled the earth.</p>
<p>When Susanna Mattise realized Lumian’s true intent, she felt vexed, angry, and somewhat fearful.</p>
<p>The previous use of the pewter-black dirk had left a deep impression on her.</p>
<p>However, she wasn’t overly concerned for her safety. With her connection to the Tree of Shadow, it would be arduous for her to be slain, even if she encountered a Saint. Her worry lay in the possibility of severe injury, which would thwart her chance of capturing her prey once more.</p>
<p>At that moment, Fallen Mercury shattered into pewter-black fragments, silently descending to the ground.</p>
<p>Long worn and weakened, it could no longer endure.</p>
<p>However, its destruction also brought an end to the fate exchange, which should have taken several minutes to complete. It didn’t stir any fate within Susanna Mattise. It merely bestowed upon her the fate stored within the blade.</p>
<p>Normally, this would be impossible as Fallen Mercury had to adhere to corresponding rules. But now, shattered and fragmented, it couldn’t care less.</p>
<p>Susanna Mattise froze, purple flames erupting from her body.</p>
<p>Fallen Mercury had bestowed upon her the fate of the Tree of Shadow’s root being consumed by an unseen underground fire. As a tree trunk akin to the Tree of Shadow, she couldn’t escape this fate!</p>
<p>In a mere second, the purple flames vanished, leaving Susanna Mattise reduced to ashes, her eyes filled with disbelief and astonishment.</p>
<p>A tree trunk erupted in flames, cracking and collapsing.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
