<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch276.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-272-charismatic-artist" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 272: Charismatic Artist</h2>
<p>“Giant” Simon found himself momentarily speechless, struggling to find the right words. After a few seconds of contemplation, he finally spoke up.</p>
<p>“Are you out of your mind? If you fail, the worst outcome would be missing an opportunity.”</p>
<p>“Rat” Christo chimed in.</p>
<p>“If the mission is truly important, the Boss wouldn’t hesitate to handle it personally. He wouldn’t send us. And if it’s not a significant task, the risk won’t be too high.”</p>
<p>This train of thought mirrored Lumian’s initial concerns.</p>
<p>Lumian glanced towards the nearby entrance of Underground Trier, intentionally wearing a smile.</p>
<p>“Perhaps we are merely bait in this scenario?</p>
<p>“For instance, the Boss suspects that a faction is secretly watching us, so he has deliberately devised this mission. If everything goes smoothly without any abnormalities, he can deactivate the alarm and consider it a test. However, if he does catch something, he can follow the trail of clues to uncover the truth and eliminate any hidden dangers. As for us being the bait and potentially getting caught, it’s not his concern. As long as we ultimately achieve his goal, losing a few Low-Sequence Beyonders falls within his level of tolerance.”</p>
<p>“Rat” Christo’s face turned pale upon hearing these words, while “Giant” Simon fell into silence.</p>
<p>Although they lacked experience with mysticism, their years as mobsters and leaders had honed their basic analytical skills.</p>
<p>They couldn’t help but admit that Ciel’s theory made sense.</p>
<p>This, naturally, brought about a deep sense of fear for their lives.</p>
<p>Especially for Christo, memories of his brother Erkin’s death and the pained expressions of his wife and children flooded his mind.</p>
<p>If it weren’t for the Boss assigning him another task and excluding him from the smuggling operation, he might have been replaced by the so-called “Mirror People” and met a tragic end somewhere underground.</p>
<p>And as for his wife, his dogs, and the other animals he cared for, the “Mirror Person” would have had the opportunity to enjoy them for a while!</p>
<p>With these thoughts weighing on their minds, the three of them ignited their carbide lamps and descended the steel stairs in silence.</p>
<p>Christo scanned the dark tunnel with the bluish-yellow light, his voice trembling as he spoke.</p>
<p>“The Boss wouldn’t purposefully send us to our deaths.</p>
<p>“Even as Low-Sequence Beyonders, we still have our uses. If we perish underground, it might take the Boss half a year or even a whole year to groom a replacement.”</p>
<p>The “Mirror People” incident came to his mind, the Boss’s request for him to undertake a different task being a clear attempt to protect him without revealing anything.</p>
<p>“Everything comes at a price. Perhaps the stakes involved this time are more valuable than the three of us combined.” Lumian held the carbide lamp emitting a yellowish glow, walking steadily through the dark and slightly damp passageway. He sneered and said, “I hope this mission won’t be as perilous as the Boss claims, but we can’t afford to be naive. We must prepare for the worst.”</p>
<p>Noting Ciel’s significant improvement, Christo couldn’t help but ask, “What should we do?”</p>
<p>From his perspective, Ciel was the most reliable person in this mission—a lifeline in critical moments.</p>
<p>Surprised by Christo’s sudden timidity, “Giant” Simon turned towards him.</p>
<p><em>When did the “Rat” become so fearful?</em></p>
<p><em>As a leader under the Boss, why would he choose to display weakness and worry in front of Ciel?</em></p>
<p><em>Where is his pride and self-esteem? Wasn’t he afraid that Ciel would overshadow him and encroach upon his smuggling business?</em></p>
<p>This was precisely the effect Lumian intended. He genuinely spoke up.</p>
<p>“The Boss has helped me multiple times, and I’m more than willing to carry out missions for him. However, the risk involved should not be excessively high, leaving us with only the option of ‘death.’ Damn it, I haven’t lived long enough!</p>
<p>“That’s why my stance is to attempt the mission if possible. If it becomes too dangerous, I won’t hesitate to abandon it and ensure my own survival. This might require the three of us to let down our guard against each other and cooperate fully to overcome any hidden threats.”</p>
<p>Such an attitude struck a chord with Christo and Simon, prompting visible or imperceptible nods from them.</p>
<p>No one was entirely selfless. Taking a calculated risk for the Boss was already a testament to their loyalty!</p>
<p>Accepting this attitude and genuinely cooperating to resist danger seemed to be the only viable choice, at least on the surface.</p>
<p>“How should we collaborate?” Christo swiftly made up his mind.</p>
<p>He didn’t want another “Mirror People” incident.</p>
<p>Lumian smirked once more.</p>
<p>“First and foremost, we must understand each other’s abilities so that we can complement one another more effectively.”</p>
<p>Christo pondered for a moment before speaking up, “I’m a Beast Tamer, a Sequence 8 of the Apothecary pathway. I can directly confront and communicate with various beasts to a certain extent. I have the ability to gradually tame them and make them my assistants.</p>
<p>“I’m also skilled in treating illnesses and providing comprehensive medical care…”</p>
<p>At that moment, he couldn’t help but cast a questioning glance at Ciel, as if hinting at his need for a remedy to improve his performance in bed and replenish his physical stamina.</p>
<p>Word had gotten around about Ciel being quite a libertine. Not only was he involved with Jenna, “Red Boots’” mistress, but he had also been linked to nearly ten dancers. He had arranged for them to receive acting lessons at Théâtre de l’Ancienne Cage à Pigeons, allowing them to earn money without having to accompany customers.</p>
<p><em>An Apothecary? If only I had known that “Rat” Christo was an Apothecary, I would’ve gotten him to give plenty of medicine to Jenna’s mother… She would’ve made a quick recovery and returned home that very night…</em> Lumian silently sighed and nodded approvingly in the flickering light of the carbide lamp.</p>
<p>The more “Giant” Simon listened, the more astonished he became.</p>
<p>He began to suspect that “Rat” Christo had lost his mind by divulging the secrets of his Sequence!</p>
<p>Until now, apart from Gardner Martin, nobody knew Christo’s Sequence or the pathway he belonged to. After all, there were plenty of people in Trier who had a fondness for pets—some even had a large number of them or formed intimate relationships with animals, as occasionally seen in the newspapers.</p>
<p>In a flash, an idea struck Simon.</p>
<p>“Rat” Christo was in charge of the smuggling business and had completed most of the Boss’s secret missions. Perhaps he knew something and had become pessimistic about this operation, hence his sincere cooperation with Ciel.</p>
<p>Christo let out a sigh and continued, “I’ve been unlucky. I haven’t managed to tame a genuine Beyonder creature yet. Otherwise, I wouldn’t be powerless against Mid-Sequence Beyonders even if I encountered them.</p>
<p>“This mission was sudden and we didn’t have time to prepare. I only brought a few companions with me. Is he afraid that we won’t die quickly enough?”</p>
<p>As he spoke, he raised his right hand.</p>
<p>A colorful snake-like creature with a triangular head emerged from his sleeve.</p>
<p>Soon after, Christo had the snake retreat back into his sleeve. He reached into his pocket and produced a palm-sized rat.</p>
<p>This rat was different from the ordinary kind. Its fur was pale white and distinct, with eyes as bright as rubies.</p>
<p>“This is Taffy. It’s a unique creature I discovered underground during my smuggling days. It can’t be used as the main ingredient for any potion, but it has the ability to sense hidden dangers,” Christo briefly introduced.</p>
<p>“It can also sense the approximate strength of others, right?” Lumian asked thoughtfully.</p>
<p>Christo looked at Lumian with surprise and hesitated for a moment before replying, “Yes.”</p>
<p>Recognizing that Christo had already divulged enough information, Lumian didn’t press further, despite suspecting that he possessed other abilities or other animal companions. Instead, he shifted his gaze to “Giant” Simon.</p>
<p>Simon hesitated for a moment, recalling his earlier speculation. In a muffled voice, he said, “I’m a Sequence 8 Pugilist of the Warrior pathway. Like ‘Hammer’ Ait, I excel in face-to-face combat and various fighting techniques. I carry a gun, a dagger, a bayonet, and boxing gloves.”</p>
<p>His explanation was brief, as Pugilists didn’t possess any extraordinary abilities.</p>
<p><em>No mystical item? That’s true. It’s indeed challenging for mobsters groomed by secret organizations to acquire such items…</em> Lumian chuckled to himself.</p>
<p>“You’re stronger than ‘Hammer’ Ait because you’re intelligent and can read the situation clearly.”</p>
<p>These words left Simon unsure whether to feel angered or proud.</p>
<p>Holding the carbide lamp, he looked at Lumian and said, “What about you? Which Sequence 8 pathway are you from? Hunter?”</p>
<p>Since they were working together, Ciel couldn’t keep his Sequence a secret!</p>
<p>Lumian smiled, raising his right hand in front of him.</p>
<p>Silently, a crimson flame emerged from his palm and hung in the air, burning silently.</p>
<p>“You’re a Pyromaniac?” Simon exclaimed in surprise.</p>
<p>Among Trier’s mystical circles, the most common information concerned Mid-Sequence Beyonders of the Hunter pathway, especially those below Sequence 6.</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t respond, opting to maintain his smile instead.</p>
<p>Simon suddenly understood why “Rat” Christo’s attitude towards Ciel had undergone such a drastic change and why he appeared to seek his assistance.</p>
<p>Sequence 7 was the starting point for Mid-Sequence Beyonders. Compared to Low-Sequence Beyonders like themselves, their strength had undergone a qualitative transformation. They were countless times more powerful!</p>
<p>With his attention now diverted from the pocket of “Rat” Christo, Simon asked Lumian in surprise and suspicion, “Does the Boss know that you’ve advanced to Sequence 7?”</p>
<p>“The Boss provided me with the necessary supplementary ingredients,” Lumian truthfully replied, dissipating the crimson flame in his palm under the yellowish glow of the lamp.</p>
<p><em>Wha…</em> Simon’s pupils dilated.</p>
<p>Lumian looked around and continued, “That’s why, if I can complete this mission, I will do everything in my power to see it through.”</p>
<p>With those words, he pulled out an iron-colored canister and tossed it to Simon.</p>
<p>“This is Scorpion Poison that I obtained from ‘Hammer’ Ait. You can apply it to your weapon.</p>
<p>“Increasing your strength will increase our chances of survival.”</p>
<p>Simon caught the canister, momentarily taken aback.</p>
<p>Though Ciel disgusted him and they were at odds, his knowledge, intelligence, strength, and approach to things made him seem reliable. Unconsciously, he found himself listening to him and following his lead.</p>
<p>Lumian, who was walking ahead without turning back, let out a sigh of relief.</p>
<p>He had exaggerated the risks and instilled fear to dampen the spirits of “Rat” Christo and Simon, plunging them into a state of worry. Then, by revealing his own strength, offering convincing suggestions, and providing small favors, he would establish himself as the team’s leader.</p>
<p>Only then could he fully harness the team’s combined strength without exposing his hidden trump cards and effectively combat any potential threats.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
