<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch280.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-276-the-disappointed-susie" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 276: The Disappointed Susie</h2>
<p>Jenna, who had no experience in relationships and was clueless about the truth, didn’t know how to respond to Franca’s complaint.</p>
<p>Lumian roughly understood Franca’s anger and disappointment.</p>
<p><em>We’re all here to infiltrate the Iron and Blood Cross Order. Why is the test scheduled just a month after your joining? I’ve been here for nearly a year, and I’m almost giving birth to Gardner Martin’s child, yet there’s still no progress!</em></p>
<p><em>This makes me look like a failure!</em></p>
<p>After carefully considering Franca’s thoughts, Lumian replied earnestly, “This might not be an opportunity, but a danger.</p>
<p>“The fact that they want to ‘audit’ me so quickly suggests they might see me as expendable. Or perhaps my Beyonder pathway is just right and could be useful for something recent.”</p>
<p>Jenna found Lumian’s explanation reasonable and quickly advised Franca, “Maybe the Boss didn’t ‘audit’ you because he cares for you and doesn’t want you involved in dangerous matters.”</p>
<p>“…” Franca’s expression turned odd. “That’s not right…”</p>
<p>This made her feel guilty for deceiving others.</p>
<p>When Madam Judgment arranged for her to be an undercover agent in the Savoie Mob and wait for an opportunity to join the Iron and Blood Cross Order, she had been explicitly instructed not to sacrifice herself by seducing the target. The Tarot Club didn’t engage in such tactics. Later, as a Witch, she wanted to experience a romantic relationship with a man, and Gardner Martin happened to be interested, so they became lovers.</p>
<p>From Franca’s perspective, this was a pure, joy-sharing relationship that didn’t involve any emotional aspects. They wouldn’t have real expectations of each other. After the mission was completed, they would part ways without hesitation and continue with their exciting lives.</p>
<p>Of course, at that time, the Iron and Blood Cross Order might have already suffered a setback. It remained unknown if Gardner Martin could continue with his exciting life.</p>
<p>If Franca had enough strength, she would have rehearsed the scene of a cold assassin killing her lover.</p>
<p>After a few seconds, Franca exclaimed, “Impossible, impossible!”</p>
<p>“That guy is very chauvinistic and discriminates against women. Him not auditing me must be because he thinks that a woman should just manage the dancers well and have the ability to protect herself. She should just bear a child sometime later. She doesn’t need to be qualified to join the core group!</p>
<p>“Dammit! Did I fail because of my gender?”</p>
<p>What she didn’t want to admit was that the undercover mission had likely failed because she took a chance, which led her to form a stronger bond with Gardner Martin.</p>
<p>Cannon fodder didn’t matter if they were male or female!</p>
<p>It didn’t matter if the expendables of a secret organization were male or female either!</p>
<p>Jenna and Lumian exchanged glances and pursed their lips. Then, they turned to Franca and asked curiously, “How can you tell that the mission is a test?”</p>
<p>Those two monsters were undoubtedly terrifying and dangerous!</p>
<p>Jenna didn’t think she was as foolish as Lumian had teased her, but she knew she lacked experience in mysticism and playing these kinds of games. Subconsciously, she yearned to learn more.</p>
<p>Franca smiled again and said confidently, “I deduced it from the whole process and final outcome.</p>
<p>“Think about it. Does this matter really require Ciel, Simon, and Christo’s involvement?</p>
<p>“Find a couple of key members who understand the situation roughly. Follow the procedures and precautions, and you can escape the monsters and retrieve the box successfully. Moreover, there’s no need to worry about leaks or give them any special reminders.</p>
<p>“No matter how dangerous the darkness around us seems, the fact that nothing happened this time suggests that there’s a way and people to resist them. If someone else were to go, they could still complete the transaction.”</p>
<p>Jenna pondered Franca’s analysis for a while and exclaimed in admiration, “That’s true… Dammit! Why didn’t I think of that just now?”</p>
<p>Hearing this, Franca and Lumian exchanged smug and pleased glances.</p>
<p>The fact that Jenna could curse meant she was gradually feeling better!</p>
<p>Lumian had also considered this before concluding that the Boss was “auditing” him.</p>
<p>So, it was very likely that there were observers around him during this period.</p>
<p>After some thought, Lumian asked Franca, “Do you know what those two monsters are?”</p>
<p>They lurked underground and were suspected to be related to Fourth Epoch Trier. Lumian might have to venture underground in the future using Earth Blood mineral. Knowing about the terrifying monsters he might encounter would help in his preparations.</p>
<p>Franca appeared thoughtful.</p>
<p>After a while, she said uncertainly, “Neither I nor anyone I know has encountered such monsters, but I’ve heard rumors from sailors.</p>
<p>“On the Sonia Sea, there’s a port called Bansy. Once, a humanoid monster with a spine and no head appeared there. It sounds quite similar to what you described, but the port is now abandoned, likely due to damage caused by a high-level power.”</p>
<p><em>Bansy?</em> Lumian wasn’t unfamiliar with the term.</p>
<p>Madam Magician had used it once to illustrate Cordu’s likely fate. It had been severely corrupted and directly destroyed by the Church, leaving a deep impression on Lumian.</p>
<p>After chatting for a while, Lumian and Jenna returned to Salle de Bal Brise. Jenna had changed into a beige fluffy short dress and transformed into Showy Diva.</p>
<p>Late at night, upon returning to Room 207 of Auberge du Coq Doré, Lumian drew the curtains and unfolded a piece of letter paper. He penned down his encounter, thoughts, and Franca’s analysis, preparing to send it to Madam Magician.</p>
<p>Shortly after, he arranged the altar, creating a wall of spirituality, and summoned the arm-height puppet messenger.</p>
<p>In the faint blue candlelight, Lumian gazed at the pale-white spirit world creature in a light-gold dress, with light-blue eyes and pure golden hair. A sudden idea struck him, and he asked thoughtfully, “Is there someone monitoring me nearby?”</p>
<p>The messenger spoke in an ethereal and illusory manner, “Yes.”</p>
<p><em>There really is…</em> Lumian wasn’t surprised and pressed further, “Can he or they discover that I’m summoning you?”</p>
<p>The messenger’s eyes flickered as she replied disdainfully, “They’re not worthy.”</p>
<p>Relieved, Lumian thanked Miss Messenger and watched her vanish into the candlelight with the letter.</p>
<p>Before long, a neatly folded reply appeared on the desk in Room 207.</p>
<p>Lumian skillfully opened it and began reading.</p>
<p>“It’s not a good thing to be chosen so quickly and be tested.</p>
<p>“From now on, especially after becoming an official member, you have to be more careful. Once you’re assigned a mission and feel that things aren’t simple, something that even Mr. K might not be able to handle, find an opportunity to summon my messenger and inform me.</p>
<p>“The two monsters you encountered are indeed similar to those in Bansy, but they are quite different. They seem to have their own consciousness.</p>
<p>“As for what abilities and characteristics they can display, since Bansy Harbor has already been destroyed, I can’t give you any useful information.</p>
<p>“I believe most of what the head said is true. What it didn’t say was that it and its body might have entered Fourth Epoch Trier during the months he was missing.</p>
<p>“There’s a high chance they possess a method to enter Fourth Epoch Trier. You need to pay special attention to this matter.</p>
<p>“By the way, the Sequence after Alms Monk is a Contractee. You need to sign a contract with different creatures and obtain one of their abilities. When the time comes, don’t be in a hurry to choose. Write a letter and tell me that you already have the corresponding power. I can give you a pile of information on spirit world creatures for you to choose from. I have significant knowledge in this area. I’ll also give you a copy of Sights in the Spirit World.”</p>
<p><em>Madam Magician truly possesses a deep understanding of the spirit world…</em> Lumian gleefully crumpled the letter and watched it fuse with the crimson flames.</p>
<hr />
<p>On the sunny Sunday afternoon, Lumian satisfied his hunger and hopped into a public carriage headed for Trier’s botanical garden. After buying tickets, he leisurely strolled through the vibrant flora.</p>
<p>He marveled at the sight of many plants he had only encountered in books, newspapers, and magazines, including the Donningsman Tree, which the Intisians mocked as Loen’s national tree.</p>
<p>These trees originally thrived in the rainforests of the Southern Continent. Legend had it that the sap from these trees could promote hair growth, a tempting prospect for many Loenians lacking significant hair volume.</p>
<p>Around 3:30 p.m., Lumian made his way to Mason café and settled into Booth D. He ordered a cup of Reem espresso, eagerly anticipating the arrival of Psychiatrist Madam Susie.</p>
<p>Before long, he heard a familiar, gentle female voice.</p>
<p>“Good afternoon, Mr. Lumian Lee.”</p>
<p>Without turning around, Lumian smiled and replied, “Good afternoon, Madam Susie.”</p>
<p>Susie commented, sounding surprised, “Your mental state seems better than I expected.”</p>
<p>Lumian smiled wryly.</p>
<p>“Perhaps it’s thanks to my previous treatment that I’ve regained some inner strength.</p>
<p>“As the saying goes, what doesn’t kill you makes you stronger.”</p>
<p>Susie expressed her curiosity, asking in a conversational tone, “I wonder if you’re willing to share your experiences?”</p>
<p>Lumian pondered for a moment before looking ahead and muttering to himself, “Are you in the same organization as Madam Magician?”</p>
<p>“Yes,” Susie confirmed.</p>
<p>Relaxing, Lumian leaned back on the sofa, sipped his espresso, and began recounting his ordeal.</p>
<p>From capturing Louis Lund to taking down Susanna Mattise and saving the lives of most people involved in Paramita, he concluded,</p>
<p>“Since that day, my mental state has significantly improved. It’s like a fire still burning within my heart.”</p>
<p>Susie responded gently, “Sometimes, life itself plays the role of a psychiatrist. Those experiences indeed triggered your inner strength and improved your condition. However, it also requires resilience and a suitable personality. Otherwise, one might easily descend into a state of collapse, despair, self-blame, and abandonment.”</p>
<p>“And this vulnerability might be exploited by the Angel sealed within you.”</p>
<p>At this point, Susie’s emotions were complicated. She added with a hint of disappointment, “Your remarkable progress has rendered the treatment plan I prepared for today useless.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
