<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch289.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-285-maxim" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 285: Maxim</h2>
<p><em>The Blood Emperor’s remains, the remains of a deity… Does it hold the Beyonder characteristic of Sequence 0? No wonder the Iron and Blood Cross Order dreams of entering Fourth Epoch Trier…</em></p>
<p><em>But what’s this got to do with me? As a Sequence 7, I don’t even dare think about becoming a demigod. Advancing to a Sequence 6 Conspirer is beyond my consideration for now. All I can focus on is digesting the Pyromaniac potion. I’ve got nothing better to do than contemplate High-Sequences or deity-related items!</em></p>
<p><em>Besides, Madam Magician warned that such items always come with negative effects. Tsk, negative effects involving godhood can easily kill me…</em></p>
<p>Lumian, with vast knowledge of high-end mysticism, remained unfazed by Gardner Martin’s provocation. Thoughts raced through his mind, and he sneered inwardly.</p>
<p>Looking at Gardner Martin, he asked innocently, “If Fourth Epoch Trier truly contains the remains of The Blood Emperor Tudor, why didn’t the Eternal Blazing Sun and God of Steam and Machinery Church take it away instead of leaving it for our Iron and Blood Cross Order?</p>
<p>“Even if only Hunters can enter safely, it’s just a matter of time before they nurture a High-Sequence Hunter with the resources they have. The Fifth Epoch has been around for over 1,300 years.”</p>
<p>Gardner Martin fell silent for two seconds before responding, “There are other factors restraining them, but they won’t be a problem for us.</p>
<p>“I’ll tell you all the details once we find the entrance to Fourth Epoch Trier.”</p>
<p><em>Isn’t that just saying, “I don’t know why, but we have to give it a try?” Uh, maybe the Boss knows the reason, but he’s afraid of scaring us if he reveals it. He can’t directly tell the present members that there are many dangers hidden underground that even deities can’t resolve—the kind that requires rebuilding a Trier above the Fourth Epoch ruins as a seal. That’s why the two Churches won’t attempt to enter. Heh heh, who would dare to go underground when they’re not seriously corrupted? </em>Lumian tried his best to control his gaze and posture, so as not to show any air of superiority.</p>
<p>Compared to the members of the Iron and Blood Cross Order here, him having a rough understanding of the underground situation and having seen the Invisible Sea of Fire, the Tree of Shadow, and the bizarre catacombs indeed made him qualified to be superior.</p>
<p>Of course, he had no idea how well Commanding Officer Gardner Martin and Supervisor Olson knew about the underground situation.</p>
<p>Perhaps the latter, suspected to have entered Fourth Epoch Trier, knew more secrets.</p>
<p>Gardner Martin didn’t continue discussing the Blood Emperor and the Fourth Epoch. Instead, he turned to Lumian and asked, “Is there anything you need these days?”</p>
<p><em>Oh, are you about to hand out the membership perks?</em> Lumian’s spirits lifted as he replied with sincerity, “I’m in need of a mystical item with peculiar properties to compensate for my deficiencies in Beyonder powers.</p>
<p>“And if there are no relevant mystical items available, perhaps you could provide me with the corresponding Beyonder… ingredients. I’ll try to find an Artisan to craft them.”</p>
<p>He had almost mentioned the term “Beyonder characteristics” but quickly changed it to “Beyonder ingredients” after a pause, feigning embarrassment.</p>
<p>Though people often spoke of Beyonder characteristics at Trier’s mysticism gathering, they usually referred to the fusion of two main potion ingredients.</p>
<p>Of course, some people had long discovered that Beyonders were also Beyonder creatures, capable of producing ingredients for potion concoction, hinting at the Law of Beyonder Characteristics Indestructibility.</p>
<p>Typically, Lumian’s mention of Beyonder characteristics wouldn’t attract suspicion or attention, but he needed to be cautious not to arouse suspicion from a Conspirer like Gardner Martin.</p>
<p>“Heh, you really dare to ask?” Albus mocked Lumian, shaking his feet with crossed legs.</p>
<p>Even Parsifal, Vincent Lorraine, and the others wore strange expressions.</p>
<p>None of them had dared to make such a bold request when they joined the Iron and Blood Cross Order.</p>
<p>Undeterred, Lumian sneered back at Albus, “Why not? I’m not like some piece of trash who can’t handle a reward. What the organization gives me today, I’ll repay tenfold in the future!”</p>
<p>With a whoosh, Albus lowered his right leg and glared at Lumian with fiery intensity, clearly displeased with his response.</p>
<p>The others, except for Faustino who maintained his butler demeanor, also showed discontent.</p>
<p>Lumian’s snide remark had included them as well.</p>
<p>“Enough,” Gardner Martin intervened, smiling at Lumian. “As the Commanding Officer, I must be fair. I can’t grant you a mystical item right now, as others will protest. But don’t worry; our Iron and Blood Cross Order is not stingy. Once you complete a few missions and accumulate enough merit, I’ll provide you with a few mystical items to choose from.</p>
<p>“Meanwhile, before each mission, suitable mystical items will be temporarily provided to the participating members, ensuring their safety and mission completion.”</p>
<p>Lumian nodded, accepting the response. He hadn’t expected much, but he still made the request in case Gardner Martin was in a generous mood.</p>
<p>After a brief consideration, Gardner Martin added, “I’ll inform René that the advance you received was my reward to you. You’ll still get your share from Salle de Bal Brise in the future.”</p>
<p>“Thank you, Commanding Officer,” Lumian expressed his joy openly.</p>
<p>This meant his membership door gift was 12,000 verl d’or, a significant sum.</p>
<p>Hence, most of the money he spent on advancing to Pyromaniac came from the Aurora Order and the Iron and Blood Cross Order’s “financing.” His gratitude was genuine, as he had only contributed less than a third of the expenses himself.</p>
<p>Gardner Martin cut into a medium steak, chewing and swallowing before asking, “Any other questions?”</p>
<p>Deliberately, Lumian inquired, “How can I quickly master the Pyromaniac potion?”</p>
<p>He wanted to see if the acting method was common knowledge within the Iron and Blood Cross Order.</p>
<p>Gardner Martin chuckled and replied, “That’s an excellent question.</p>
<p>“To master a potion, you need to start with its name. Get close to it, understand it, and embody it. In addition, I have to tell you a maxim: flames can both incinerate others and harm yourself.”</p>
<p>Lumian listened attentively and got a rough idea of the situation.</p>
<p>The Iron and Blood Cross Order kept the precise interpretation of the acting method hidden from ordinary members, using vague descriptions, regulations, warnings, and maxims to guide them without revealing everything.</p>
<p>This approach allowed ordinary members to avoid certain risks while gradually gaining insights by sticking close to the potion’s name. They could speed up their progress but couldn’t fully grasp a more suitable acting principle for themselves,</p>
<p>In other words, it was easier for them to “master” the potion than wild Beyonders and advance in shorter periods. However, other than the talented, those who stuck close to the acting requirements couldn’t compare to Beyonders who knew the acting method.</p>
<p>Lumian suspected that he would only learn the entire acting method once he became an NCO and received greater attention from the Iron and Blood Cross Order.</p>
<p>He believed that such a secretive organization spanning centuries must possess the acting method.</p>
<p>In contrast, Madam Magician of the Tarot Club had already given him extensive high-end mysticism knowledge, including the acting method.</p>
<p>As for Mr. K, Lumian was unsure if he had forgotten to teach the method due to devotion to his prayers and work or if he believed Lumian would naturally encounter it at the Iron and Blood Cross Order and exposing him to this knowledge too early would put him at risk of exposure.</p>
<p>“Pyromaniac is all about setting fires! Just go to the National Convention building and set it ablaze. You’ll master the potion in no time,” Albus taunted Lumian, pushing the matter.</p>
<p>Lumian scoffed and replied, “I’m a Pyromaniac, not an Arsonist. Meaningless acts of arson will only harm myself.”</p>
<p>Albus sneered, “How do you know it’s meaningless? Burning is the meaning.”</p>
<p>Lumian clicked his tongue.</p>
<p>“Then why don’t I burn your hair too?”</p>
<p>After engaging each other for a while in an argumentative manner, Gardner Martin intervened in the conversation, which was becoming increasingly meaningless and close to a personal attack.</p>
<p>Lumian shifted the conversation to probe the Iron and Blood Cross Order’s knowledge of the underground.</p>
<p>“I went to the catacombs some time ago and sensed something amiss, but I couldn’t figure out what it was. Commanding Officer, do you know anything about it?”</p>
<p>Gardner Martin glanced at Supervisor Olson beside him and finally replied, “That has nothing to do with our actions. You don’t need to know.</p>
<p>“All I can say is that the danger lurking there is as serious as that in the Fourth Epoch Trier.”</p>
<p>Lumian nodded thoughtfully and continued asking questions while enjoying the delicacies.</p>
<p>During the process, he noticed that Vincent Lorraine remained relatively quiet, and Parsifal and “Blood Palm” Black were amiable but guarded with their words, revealing little valuable information. Faustino seemed to play the role of a butler instead of the secret organization’s official member.</p>
<p>Only the dark-red-haired Albus, despite his malicious and mocking comments, gave Lumian some useful insights.</p>
<p>By 10 p.m., the initiation concluded, and Lumian was the last to leave 11 Rue des Fontaines, boarding the carriage belonging to Salle de Bal Brise.</p>
<p>As the carriage moved, Lumian’s heart skipped a beat as he looked up at the seat opposite him. At some point in time, another person had joined him—Supervisor Olson, who looked like a hungry bear.</p>
<p>The trader who played the underground monster!</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
