<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch281.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-277-guidance" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 277: Guidance</h2>
<p>Susie’s words elicited a chuckle from Lumian. “Isn’t that a good thing?”</p>
<p>Susie replied, smiling, “That’s a good thing. One of the happiest moments for every psychiatrist is to see their patient gradually emerge from their trauma.”</p>
<p>Lumian probed, “Can we move on to the next stage of treatment?”</p>
<p>“Let’s have a chat first. I’ll assess your mental state.” Susie’s voice was gentle, and her demeanor remained calm.</p>
<p>“About what?” Lumian had already shared most of his recent experiences.</p>
<p>Susie verbally ruminated for a few seconds before responding, “We can talk about what else you’re confused or troubled about.”</p>
<p>Lumian fell silent momentarily before continuing, “Am I really the unlucky one? Will I bring disaster to the people around me?”</p>
<p>This time, it wasn’t Susie who answered, but the other lady.</p>
<p>She said with a soothing chuckle, “If disaster is the inevitable fate of those around us, it isn’t your fault. If it comes because of you and fate turns sour, it just means that destiny isn’t set in stone.</p>
<p>“The entity sealed inside you by Mr. Fool isn’t the entity named Inevitability—just an Angel from the same realm. He can’t use His powers and can only rely on others, so He can’t determine a changed fate.”</p>
<p>“So, you’re saying I had a chance to change their fates, but I blew it all?” Lumian sipped his espresso, his voice unconsciously deepening.</p>
<p>The woman maintained her tone.</p>
<p>“First, we gotta be sure that the person who messed with their fate and caused their doom is the companion of that Inevitability Angel lurking around you. He came for the seal and Termiboros. It’s got nothing to do with you.</p>
<p>“Your only issue is that you didn’t do good enough, but nobody can guarantee perfection in everything.”</p>
<p>At this point, the woman spoke with a hint of self-deprecation,</p>
<p>“I get your feelings. Over the years, I’ve tried my best to do many things, but many of them failed. I even ended up hurting others despite my good intentions. It hit me hard and made me feel real guilty. I felt like running away and never coming back.</p>
<p>“Thankfully, during that time, I managed to achieve a lot. I helped people, stopped disasters, and rooted out corruption. That gave me confidence and motivation, strengthening my beliefs and ideas.</p>
<p>“Later, whenever I felt confident and positive about what I wanted to do, I’d remember my mistakes and failures. It would remind me not to be careless, not to be biased, and not to underestimate anyone.</p>
<p>“Likewise, when setbacks and guilt hit me, I’d remember the people I helped and the disasters I prevented. It reminded me that I’m not all bad, and my beliefs and ideas have a positive side.</p>
<p>“Our past experiences are both a burden and a source of strength, motivation, and growth.”</p>
<p>Lumian listened intently, finally facing the guilt in his heart and not suppressing it anymore.</p>
<p><em>Maybe some tragedies could’ve been avoided if I knew more about mysticism.</em></p>
<p><em>It is my problem, but I’m not the one causing the disaster. I just haven’t done a good enough job. I need to fix this weakness. I gotta strive to improve and be more careful in the future. I can genuinely save those who want help and bring disaster to those bastards who intentionally cause harm…</em></p>
<p>As these thoughts raced through his mind, Lumian recalled the peddlers, pedestrians, and tenants who had fallen from the Tree of Shadow. He remembered how he had watched with a smile.</p>
<p><em>Phew…</em> He let out a slow breath, leaning back against the sofa.</p>
<p>“I feel much better now.”</p>
<p>He scoffed and said, “The person who helped Termiboros and messed with my fate and the people around me couldn’t have guessed that the pain he caused didn’t break me, make me despair, or give up. Instead, it led me to get excellent psychiatric treatment, improving my mental state significantly.</p>
<p>“I really want to find him and ‘thank’ him in person.”</p>
<p>The lady chuckled.</p>
<p>“That’s why I keep telling Susie that psychiatric treatment is tricky and subtle. If you’re not careful, it could lead to the opposite outcome. You can’t just be fearless because you’re a Beyonder.</p>
<p>“Hmm… Let me remind you of something.</p>
<p>“We can’t assume the target’s current intentions solely based on their original image and goals without sufficient evidence.”</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t quite understand.</p>
<p>“What do you mean?”</p>
<p>The lady explained in a gentle voice, “Many people are deceived because they always assume the other person remains the same, believing that their personalities and thoughts won’t change due to the environment, experiences, and circumstances.</p>
<p>“Take what you just said as an example. Have you considered another possibility? Termiboros’s companion might have deliberately brought those misfortunes not to make you collapse, but to stimulate you and awaken the power in your heart, allowing you to break free from your mental cage and regain your mental state?”</p>
<p>“How is that possible?” Lumian responded subconsciously.</p>
<p>Could Termiboros’s companion be so benevolent?</p>
<p>She smiled and replied, “Just because I’m giving an example doesn’t mean it’s true.</p>
<p>“But why is that impossible? Perhaps that person initially wanted to cooperate with Termiboros and use various methods to influence your state and create an opportunity for Him to escape the seal. However, gradually, he realized that this was an opportunity that could turn him into an Angel.</p>
<p>“As he receives more boons and sees the angelic-level door, he can extract Termiboros’s power by controlling you. He can even undo the seal and devour Him while He is weak.</p>
<p>“And to increase the probability of success, he has to ensure that you’re in good condition. You can extract Termiboros’s power time and time again, weakening Him.</p>
<p>“How is it? Does he have a motive to help you improve your mental state?”</p>
<p>Lumian fell silent.</p>
<p>The more he thought about it, the more he realized that from a human’s perspective, this was an undeniable possibility.</p>
<p>After a few seconds, he retorted, “Is that person not afraid of angering the entity known as Inevitability?</p>
<p>“The power from boons is definitely more influenced by the higher-ups. They are proud to carry out Their will and wouldn’t have any blasphemous thoughts.”</p>
<p>The woman in Psychological Invisibility laughed meaningfully and said, “The being known as Inevitability desires an obedient Angel to descend upon this land. Whether it’s Termiboros or another bestowed, I reckon He holds no particular preference or inclination.”</p>
<p><em>That’s true. If someone devours Termiboros, they might become an Angel of the Inevitability domain. Perhaps this is what Inevitability expects. If Termiboros can make it here, so be it. If He fails and faces a seal or purification, other bestowed will seek a way to devour His relic and become an Angel. Ultimately, an Angel in service of Inevitability will emerge on Earth. But the identity of this Angel is not crucial…</em> Lumian pondered as he nodded gently.</p>
<p>Suddenly, a wave of inspiration washed over Lumian. He considered the lady who was suspected of wielding the Justice card. Was she not only using this opportunity to teach him, but also conveying these words to Termiboros?</p>
<p><em>Could she be creating a rift between Termiboros and Inevitability, making Him distrust His companion?</em></p>
<p><em>If I can think of this possibility, surely Termiboros can as well…</em></p>
<p><em>Uh, He could have figured this out, but since His companion has been discovered, he wouldn’t dare to show himself for a long while, nor would he communicate with Him. In such times, suspicions would easily grow between them.</em></p>
<p>Once the seed of suspicion took root and flourished, it would prove difficult to uproot in the future!</p>
<p><em>A Spectator is truly terrifying…</em></p>
<p>Lumian sighed and said sincerely, “I understand.”</p>
<p>The lady smiled and said, “So, we can’t assume that people won’t change; they can evolve over time. We need to pay close attention to their circumstances and thoughts.</p>
<p>“Other Beyonders might not need to think so deeply, but your next Sequence is a Conspirer. You have to learn to analyze human nature.”</p>
<p>Lumian nodded, gaining a fresh perspective on Gardner Martin’s teachings. “The Demon is our friend, and hell is someone else’s.”</p>
<p>Continuing the discussion, he smiled and asked, “Is it possible that Termiboros’s companion intended to help me improve my mental state from the beginning?”</p>
<p>“That’s a possibility,” Susie replied, “but what would be the reason?”</p>
<p>“Why?” Lumian inquired.</p>
<p>His expression suddenly changed, and he sat up straight, trembling slightly.</p>
<p>“Maybe, just maybe, she wanted to help me. She’s…”</p>
<p>The lady, suspected to be the holder of the Justice card, interrupted gently.</p>
<p>“Your memories are unlikely lying to you.”</p>
<p>Lumian let out a long sigh and relaxed against the sofa once more.</p>
<p>The lady’s voice remained soft as she continued, “However, in the world of mysticism, there are cases where a person’s death might not be their true end.</p>
<p>“The world of mysticism holds too many mysteries.</p>
<p>“Once, I encountered a follower of an evil god. He suddenly died just as I was about to eliminate him. It felt too coincidental, so I examined his corpse, his fate, and various mystical connections. Everything seemed in order; he was truly dead, and his family and friends believed so as well.</p>
<p>“Later, when I was eradicating a subsidiary branch of an evil god cult, I came across him again. He had assumed a new identity with a new fate and mystical connection.</p>
<p>“This time, he met his final end. From him, I learned the Sequence name of an evil god pathway—Deceased. They can use death to escape their original fate.”</p>
<p><em>This is similar to the Substitution Spell, but it seems simpler and lacks prerequisites. Moreover, after the substitute’s demise, the original identity and fate appear irretrievable… </em>Lumian pondered on this, recalling a ritualistic magic that came with Alms Monk.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
