<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch299.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-295-brains-are-important" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 295: Brains Are Important</h2>
<p>Sensing the swipe that carried the scent of blood and char behind him, Lumian swiftly pivoted and darted into the alley leading to Rue du Rossignol.</p>
<p>The Werewolf’s pitch-black eyes were bloodshot, and his severe injuries fueled his anger and desire to kill, overpowering most of his thoughts. He forcefully turned around and sprinted into the alley after Lumian.</p>
<p>Seeing Lumian vault over a barricade up ahead, he followed suit and leaped up as well.</p>
<p>In the next instant, he caught sight of an uncovered entrance to the sewers. Iron-black stairs led straight into the depths.</p>
<p>Lumian deftly stepped on the edge of the sewer entrance and jumped over the “natural” trap.</p>
<p><em>Bam!</em> The Werewolf crashed into the sewers, finding himself halfway in. His wounds worsened, and his head spun.</p>
<p>Lumian seized the moment to turn around and conjure crimson Fire Ravens, sending them spiraling towards the Werewolf, who was stuck at the sewers entrance.</p>
<p>Amidst a muffled rumble, the crimson flaming ravens engulfed the area, setting the Werewolf’s gray fur on fire, scorching patches of his skin, and tearing more flesh.</p>
<p>The Werewolf exerted strength with both hands and finally managed to leap out of the sewers. Lumian took the opportunity to flee, having successfully dealt a blow.</p>
<p>The Werewolf grew even angrier. All he wanted was to tear Lumian apart and spill his innards to the street dogs.</p>
<p>With a swoosh, Lumian, who had rushed to the alley exit, turned at high speed and sprinted to the left.</p>
<p>The Werewolf caught up in a few strides and followed the target’s escape route.</p>
<p>However, a nearly one-meter tall barricade emerged in the darkness ahead of him. Lumian, already prepared, reached out and pressed down, using the situation to somersault and jump over.</p>
<p>The Werewolf realized it too late and didn’t have time for other strategies. He could only choose between hastily jumping up or crashing straight into the barricade.</p>
<p>Exerting strength in his legs, he attempted to leap to the top of the barricade, but his forward momentum couldn’t be stopped. Before he could fully ascend, his feet caught onto the obstacle.</p>
<p><em>Thud!</em></p>
<p>The Werewolf tumbled off the barricade; his fall made him see stars.</p>
<p>Lumian halted once more. With one hand in his pocket, he gazed at the enemy.</p>
<p>Around him, a new wave of Fire Ravens condensed and flew towards the base of the barricade.</p>
<p>The Werewolf tried his best to roll, but he was still struck by at least ten flaming ravens. The wound on his abdomen, which no longer had pressure on it, reopened, and blood-colored intestines flowed out.</p>
<p>Only then did the Werewolf realize that he had fallen into the other party’s trap. He regained some of his rationality and assessed his weak body and unstable condition.</p>
<p>He extinguished the flames over his body and struggled to his feet, attempting to escape.</p>
<p>At that moment, Lumian’s mocking voice echoed in his ears.</p>
<p>“Didn’t your mommy tell you not to fight in an environment familiar to Hunters? You actually dared to pursue me on Rue Anarchie and the surrounding areas. I can only say that brains are important, but you don’t have any.”</p>
<p>The Werewolf’s mind buzzed, and he became abnormally infuriated.</p>
<p>He willingly sacrificed his rationality and erupted with desire, bolstering his body in all aspects.</p>
<p>He had become a Lunatic!</p>
<p>He pursued Lumian once more.</p>
<p>Occasionally, Lumian would abruptly halt and counterattack. Other times, he would sneak under a stone statue’s arm from a corner. When the Werewolf slammed into an obstacle, Lumian would turn around and unleash a volley of crimson Fire Ravens. Sometimes, he would feign entering Underground Trier but lie in ambush, waiting for the incoming attack.</p>
<p>As the pursuit continued, the Werewolf finally reached his limit, his body teetering on the brink of collapse.</p>
<p>Regaining his senses from his frenzied state, he felt a strong premonition of danger. All he wanted was to leave this area and escape Le Marché du Quartier du Gentleman.</p>
<p>At that moment, Lumian halted, as if he had sensed something. He turned around and smiled.</p>
<p>He watched as the Werewolf fled much slower than before while condensing a blazing white spear in his hand.</p>
<p>Lumian swung his body and hurled the flaming spear.</p>
<p>A blazing white stream of light streaked through the air, piercing the Werewolf’s ravaged body, pinning him to the ground, and setting him ablaze.</p>
<p>Amidst the sudden blaze, Lumian walked toward the enemy with one hand in his pocket.</p>
<p>Crimson Fire Ravens materialized behind him, whistling and spiraling as they approached the Werewolf. They burrowed into his wounds, destroying his heart, lungs, and other organs.</p>
<p>By the time Lumian reached his target, the Mutant was no longer breathing—he was dead.</p>
<p>His eyes were wide open, filled with regret and fear.</p>
<p><em>Why’d you have to attack me? If you needed something, you could’ve just gone to the Boss of our Savoie Mob, couldn’t you? </em>Lumian shook his head while looking down at the Werewolf. <em>Did you plan on turning me into a puppet for the assassination of Gardner Martin? Did you really think so low of mobsters? Your confidence made you arrogant.</em></p>
<p>Earlier, Lumian prepared for a tough battle. He had even prepared for a Sequence 6. His escape route was always near Rue des Blouses Blanches.</p>
<p>Once there, he could get Franca’s attention and have her secretly use the enemy’s blood to cast a fatal curse.</p>
<p>Lumian considered using the explosion caused by a fireball on Avenue du Marché to create a commotion and scare the enemy away if capturing the target proved difficult even with teamwork.</p>
<p>But the enemy’s madness and desire to kill made Lumian doubt if he could think rationally and end the battle quickly to escape the pursuit of official Beyonders. He himself had to hold on until dawn arrived.</p>
<p>Squatting down, Lumian searched the Werewolf’s clothes, finding only 3 verl d’or coins, burnt banknotes, and a wallet without anything useful.</p>
<p><em>Have you never considered bribing me? Do you only want to rely on your strength to intimidate me?</em> Lumian cursed, his heart aching.</p>
<p>He wasn’t too disappointed as he knew the chances of this Werewolf being a bestowed were slim. Soon, it could secrete a Sequence 7 Beyonder characteristic that included Sequence 9 and Sequence 8 Beyonder characteristics, worth 30,000 to 40,000 verl d’or, or even more. He could use it to complement the Shadow Branch, create mystical items, or exchange it for more suitable Beyonder characteristics.</p>
<p>Considering the relatively weak explosions he caused, Lumian didn’t linger on the street. After briefly dealing with the Werewolf’s corpse, he picked him up and brought him to the back door of Salle de Bal Brise.</p>
<p>Sarkota and the other members of the Savoie Mob were no strangers to destroying corpses, quickly placing the body inside a bag and sending people to clean up the blood along the way.</p>
<p>Lumian tossed the body bag into the carriage belonging to Salle de Bal Brise, fully intending to find Gardner Martin that very night.</p>
<p>During the journey, he opened the body bag several times and finally noticed a blackish-green light secreting from the corpse, which merged with a sharp canine fang.</p>
<p>After a few seconds, Lumian had obtained this strange black-green fang.</p>
<p>After a moment’s consideration, he decided to keep the fang in the body bag and see what Gardner Martin would do.</p>
<p>Based on the Commanding Officer’s behavior, Lumian knew he would undoubtedly reward him when the time came. He might hand over the Werewolf Beyonder characteristic, switch it to another one, or purchase it at market value.</p>
<p>In any case, Lumian was ready to be honest about it.</p>
<p>Around 1 a.m., Salle de Bal Brise’s carriage stopped at 11 Rue des Fontaines in Quartier de la Cathédrale Commémorative. Lumian unceremoniously pulled the rope beside the iron fence door, causing the chimes to reverberate through the grayish-white three-story villa.</p>
<p>Before long, a valet of Southern Continent descent arrived and opened the door, though he looked displeased at being woken up. When he saw Lumian’s charred and tattered clothes and the body bag he dragged behind him, his attitude changed to that of a courteous servant.</p>
<p>Lumian brought the body bag into the villa and saw Faustino, the butler, who was also a member of the Iron and Blood Cross Order.</p>
<p>After tying his bow tie, Faustino stared at Lumian and the body bag for a few seconds before asking in surprise, “What’s this?”</p>
<p>“A strange fellow,” Lumian replied with a smile.</p>
<p>Faustino didn’t inquire further and led Lumian into the activity room on the first floor.</p>
<p>There, Gardner Martin, donning a dark-blue silk robe, sat in a recliner and asked with a smile, “Who’s in the body bag? For you to rush here overnight, it doesn’t seem simple.”</p>
<p>Lumian untied the body bag and dumped the Werewolf’s corpse and the strange black-green fang onto the carpet in the activity room.</p>
<p>Gardner Martin’s expression turned serious at a single glance.</p>
<p>“A Werewolf…”</p>
<p>Lumian chuckled. “He came to me to inquire about the identity of the Boss of our Savoie Mob. He even wanted to control me and turn me into a puppet.”</p>
<p>Gardner Martin nodded slowly and said, “And?”</p>
<p>“And then?” Lumian raised his eyebrows and replied with a smile, “Then I killed him.”</p>
<p>Upon hearing this, Faustino, the butler standing beside the Commanding Officer, glanced at the Werewolf’s corpse on the ground and then at Lumian, whose clothes were clearly charred and torn. His expression was no longer calm and composed.</p>
<p>Gardner Martin’s eyes narrowed. After a few seconds of silence, he sighed and said, “Unfortunately, you don’t know how to channel spirits; we missed out on a lot of information.”</p>
<p>Lumian wanted to say, “Perhaps I need a mystical item that can channel spirits,” but he was worried that it would take up a portion of the reward and cause the Shadow Branch to lose its match.</p>
<p>Gardner Martin continued, “I’ll arrange for follow-up investigations and responses. Don’t worry about this for the time being. I’ll inform you when you need to carry out your mission.”</p>
<p>“What’s he up to? He doesn’t seem simple.” Lumian glanced at the Werewolf’s corpse and deliberately expressed his confusion.</p>
<p>Gardner Martin shook his head.</p>
<p>“I can’t be sure yet.” He then looked at Lumian and asked with a smile, “Do you want this Werewolf fang or something else?”</p>
<p>“What are the choices?” Lumian didn’t hold back.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
