<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch295.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-291-important-figure" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 291: Important Figure</h2>
<p>Lumian set his glass down and flashed a smile, speaking in Intisian but with the accent of the Riston Province.</p>
<p>“I arrived in Trier just two days ago. Came to Lavigne in search of work.”</p>
<p>Thanks to Aurore’s help, he could speak like a local from Trier, shedding his Riston Province Dariège accent. Having spent six years in Cordu, he had a knack for learning, imitating, and adapting to new dialects effortlessly.</p>
<p>The tired bartender looked around as if he hadn’t slept well and spoke cautiously, “That’s the famous Blazing Danitz, a significant figure at sea!”</p>
<p>“I’ve never heard of him,” Lumian replied bluntly.</p>
<p>The bartender cleared his throat, reminding Lumian to watch his tone and attitude.</p>
<p>“Have you heard about the six Pirate Kings and nine Pirate Admirals?”</p>
<p>“A little,” Lumian honestly admitted.</p>
<p>His knowledge about the Pirate Kings and Pirate Admirals came from newspapers and adventure novels, and he was aware of Gehrman Sparrow hunting down a few. He knew that the great adventurer’s servant, Dubois, had once served as a pirate on Vice Admiral Iceberg’s ship. He knew of Ailment Maiden or Vice Admiral Ailment, and the frequent change of Pirate Admirals. As for the Pirate Kings, they were well-established and had held their positions for so long that no one could remember when they first came to power.</p>
<p>Realizing Lumian wasn’t completely ignorant, the bartender breathed a sigh of relief.</p>
<p>“That individual used to be a pirate, acknowledged to be stronger than all the Pirate Admirals, second only to the six Pirate Kings.”</p>
<p><em>Quite impressive…</em> Lumian couldn’t determine the exact Sequences of the Pirate Admirals and Pirate Kings, but their survival despite constant pursuit by the authorities showed they weren’t weak.</p>
<p>Blazing Danitz ranked seventh among the pirates, almost reaching the level of a quasi-Pirate King. He was undeniably formidable!</p>
<p><em>A Saint? If he’s one, the same can be said for the Pirate Kings… The strongest among Sequence 5s?</em> Lumian quickly grasped the bartender’s words.</p>
<p>“Used to be?”</p>
<p>“Yes, used to be. He’s no longer a pirate or a Treasure Hunter. Look, there’s no wanted poster of him on the wall.” The bartender gestured around.</p>
<p><em>But there’s my wanted poster… Thankfully, the bounty is low. It’s tucked away in a corner where no one pays attention…</em> Lumian asked curiously, “He can just stop being a pirate because he wants to? Did the authorities cooperate and revoke his wanted poster?”</p>
<p><em>Which country or orthodox Church did he surrender to?</em></p>
<p>The bartender lowered his voice even further.</p>
<p>“He’s now a member of the Church of The Fool, the envoy of that deity.”</p>
<p><em>Mr. Fool’s Oracle? Perhaps that one and only Oracle?</em> Lumian was taken aback.</p>
<p>The bartender assumed Lumian wasn’t familiar with the Church of The Fool, so he explained, “That’s a deity recognized by all orthodox Churches. Heh heh, why would a deity choose such a name?</p>
<p>“The Fool’s faith is very popular at sea. Many sea merchants and sailors believe in Him. They even pooled money to build The Fool cathedral in Lavigny.”</p>
<p>“The cathedral’s bishop is that Oracle?” Lumian deliberately lowered his voice.</p>
<p>“No.” The bartender shook his head. “But Blazing Danitz often comes to Trier. He likes it here. Yes, he’s from Intis. There isn’t an Intisian who doesn’t long for Trier.”</p>
<p>Just as Lumian was about to say something, the important figure at sea, the Oracle of The Fool’s Church, Blazing Danitz, finished his remaining wheat beer and stood up, heading towards Sea Breeze’s entrance.</p>
<p>Almost simultaneously, the sailors—playing cards, drinking, boasting, and making out with street girls—stood up in an unusually orderly fashion.</p>
<p>They didn’t cause any commotion as they silently and orderly followed Blazing Danitz out of the bar.</p>
<p>If he hadn’t witnessed this scene, Lumian wouldn’t have realized that all the sailors in the bar were subordinates of The Fool’s Oracle.</p>
<p><em>Blazing Danitz… From his nickname, he deals with fire… Could he also be from the Hunter pathway?</em> Lumian sipped his Lanti Proof and chatted with the bartender about the Church of The Fool.</p>
<p>“What kind of deity is The Fool?”</p>
<p>The bartender gestured a Triangular Sacred Emblem on his chest and shook his head.</p>
<p>“I’m not a follower, so how would I know?”</p>
<p>“By steam!” Lumian drew a Triangular Sacred Emblem on his chest as well.</p>
<p>The bartender glanced at the empty area and said, “But the Church of The Fool isn’t bad. Even if you’re just a tramp, even if you don’t believe in The Fool, you can still receive communion after entering their cathedral.</p>
<p>“If you ask them for help, you might even get a meal with meat and bread and a room to sleep in.”</p>
<p>“Should I join the queue now?” Lumian asked with a smile.</p>
<p>The bartender shook his head again.</p>
<p>“No need. They can’t leave the cathedral to preach or proselytize. Only the local tramps know they can seek help there, but they only go once in a while because the Church of The Fool is more willing to offer job opportunities to them.”</p>
<p>After a pleasant chat and having figured out the schedule of The Fool’s cathedral’s bishop sermons, Lumian finished his Lanti Proof and decided to make the most of the spare time by exploring the nearby streets in detail.</p>
<p>He soon noticed that several strategic points were guarded by the military, armed with cannons and massive firearms that required water-cooling.</p>
<p><em>The government’s distrust of these sailors and merchants, who occasionally indulge in piracy around the docks, is evident…</em> Lumian turned away and hurried towards The Fool’s cathedral before darkness fell.</p>
<p>The cathedral had a simple layout, devoid of gold embellishments or intricate machinery. The most remarkable aspect was its numerous windows, allowing natural light to illuminate the interior without the need for candles and gas lamps even before nightfall.</p>
<p>Like many religious spaces, the walls were adorned with giant murals, although the colors were muted and somber.</p>
<p>Using the fading light of dusk, Lumian examined the mural’s contents and discovered that it depicted a wilderness where humans struggled to navigate.</p>
<p>These humans were unusually tall, almost resembling legendary giants. Some had three eyes, while others lacked noses, leaving only two dark holes. They looked more like monsters than ordinary people.</p>
<p>Despite the pain and despair evident on their faces, their eyes shimmered with hope.</p>
<p>Leading these peculiar humans were several distinct and detailed guides. Some had gray hair and carried two swords on their backs. Others wielded dark-blue sledgehammers emitting a sun-like glow. There were also figures clad in dark black armor with silver-gray curly hair…</p>
<p>At the forefront of these guides stood a figure.</p>
<p>Dressed in a black trench coat and a half top hat, the figure walked with a straight back, holding a lantern.</p>
<p>Just ahead of the figure was a ball of light—the altar of The Fool’s cathedral—a silver-white Sacred Emblem emitting a radiant glow under the sunlight.</p>
<p>Lumian’s attention was drawn to a few stained glass panes. Sculpted in an exaggerated style, angels and saints adorned them. Some were also featured in the murals, while others were not. There were angels with wings and halos, and saints with only halos.</p>
<p>Lumian carefully circled the area, observing for over half an hour. Eventually, he found a seat and settled in to wait for the 6 p.m. sermon.</p>
<p>As time passed, many people entered the cathedral. Some were dressed as merchants, others as typical sailors. There were also dockworkers, visibly exhausted after a long day’s work, and a few street girls as well.</p>
<p>Amidst the tolling of the bell, the bishop arrived at the altar.</p>
<p>His hair and eyes shone with a golden hue. Towering at 2.56 meters tall, he donned a finely tailored black trench coat and a half top hat, hardly resembling a typical clergyman.</p>
<p>With a hearty gesture, the boorish bishop pressed his hand to his chest and called out in a booming voice, “Praise The Fool!”</p>
<p>“Praise The Fool!” echoed the gathered believers, and Lumian enthusiastically joined in.</p>
<p>Flipping through the black-and-silver-patterned bible in his hand, the bishop spoke with a voice that reverberated through the cathedral,</p>
<p>“Our lord is known as The Fool. Across past, present, and future, he reigns supreme over the spirit world. He is also the King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck. A beacon for all in the pursuit of eternity…</p>
<p>“He is compassionate, benevolent, and the savior of this world. He allows us to address him as him instead of Him…</p>
<p>“Our lord resides above both reality and the spirit world. His benevolence extends to Heaven and the land. Beside him stand eight angels…</p>
<p>“The Angel of Mercury is the embodiment of fate, our Lord’s most cherished angel. The Angel of Death has followed our Lord for the longest period of time and is the consul of the Underworld. The Angel of Redemption is our Lord’s bugle, once taking on the form of Gehrman Sparrow to deliver his revelations. The Angel of Life is the crystallization of wisdom itself, the indestructible spirituality that resides in everyone’s body.”</p>
<p><em>Gehrman Sparrow? That adventurer is an angel of Mr. Fool?</em> Lumian was astonished by the revelation.</p>
<p>The giant bishop continued, “There’s also the Angel of Retribution beside the Lord’s throne. He is the Lord’s lightning, the Lord’s rage, and the Lord’s palm, the judge of all the fallen and the ones who aren’t chaste.</p>
<p>“Next to the Angel of Retribution is the Angel of the Holy Spirit, reigning over all spirits and representing our lord in controlling the spirit world.</p>
<p>“In contrast to Them, there are the Angel of Time and the Angel of Stars.</p>
<p>“The Angel of Time was an angel of ancient times. He eventually submitted to our Lord and now strikes the bell of Heaven.</p>
<p>“The Angel of Stars is a witness, a recorder, the eyes and ears of our lord…”</p>
<p>Lumian listened attentively, finding it hard to believe that there were eight angels by The Fool’s divine throne.</p>
<p>Wasn’t this strength too terrifying?</p>
<p>It seemed no different from an orthodox Church!</p>
<p>Suddenly, Termiboros’s magnificent voice resounded, <em>“Do you believe it?”</em></p>
<p>“Why not?” Lumian replied in a hushed tone, as if reciting passages from the bible.</p>
<p>After all, whose bible, even among the orthodox Churches, didn’t have a touch of exaggeration?</p>
<p>Even without embellishments, it was still impressive!</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
