<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch300.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-296-request" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 296: Request</h2>
<p>Gardner Martin was well accustomed to Lumian’s straightforwardness. He gave a slight nod and said, “If you want a quick trade, I have three items of equal value to the Werewolf fang.”</p>
<p>“The first is the Shadow Bracelet, a mystical item that lets you conceal yourself within larger shadows. It can summon a Shadow Servant with a few special abilities and can bring shadows to life to restrain targets to some extent.</p>
<p>“It’s a foreboding item. More than a third of those who’ve used it have gone mad, while another third mysteriously disappeared without it, never to be seen again. Many of those who remain seem fine, but they often complain of tinnitus and hallucinate sounds.</p>
<p>“In recent years, unless there are special circumstances, no one has dared to use this mystical item.”</p>
<p>Lumian expressed his confusion through his gaze: <em>Then why are you offering it to me? Do I look like a lunatic or an idiot to you?</em></p>
<p>Gardner Martin smiled and explained, “I’m one of the few people who hasn’t encountered problems with the Shadow Bracelet. I know a way to weaken its negative effects, but I can only tell you if you choose it.”</p>
<p><em>When did you start hallucinating that there’s nothing wrong with you?</em> Lumian suppressed his concerns and held his tongue.</p>
<p>He thought that Gardner Martin, who had been corrupted by the abnormality at 13 Avenue du Marché, might not be any better than those who had gone mad or disappeared mysteriously.</p>
<p>According to Madam Magician’s description of corruption, the person standing before him might not be the same Gardner Martin as before.</p>
<p>Gardner Martin glanced at Lumian and smiled. “Actually, there’s no need to be so reserved in front of me. That won’t make you seem like a Hunter who hasn’t advanced to Sequence 6. If you say something that might ‘provoke’ me, I’ll probably just respond with sarcasm. Look, isn’t Albus still alive and well?”</p>
<p>“Yes, Commanding Officer,” Lumian replied, not revealing the secrets that couldn’t be disclosed to the Iron and Blood Cross Order.</p>
<p>Gardner Martin got up from his recliner and continued, “The second item is a Beyonder characteristic left behind by a Spirit Medium. Do you know what Beyonder characteristics are?”</p>
<p>Lumian answered calmly, “Killing a Beyonder creature will yield one of the main ingredients for concocting a potion. Killing a Beyonder will definitely yield the corresponding items, just like the transparent golden-red ball from ‘Hammer’ Ait and this Werewolf fang.”</p>
<p>“I believe these are Beyonder characteristics. They all correspond to a potion. There’s no need to gather additional main ingredients, right?”</p>
<p>Gardner Martin nodded approvingly. “That’s right. Your judgment is accurate.”</p>
<p>Gardner Martin didn’t go into detail about the Law of Beyonder Characteristics Indestructibility, as if he believed it involved many secrets Lumian couldn’t grasp at the moment.</p>
<p>With his hands clasped behind his back, Gardner Martin paced in front of the unlit fireplace.</p>
<p>“Spirit Medium. From its name, you can roughly guess the abilities of the mystical item created from it. Of course, what you obtain depends on an Artisan’s ability.</p>
<p>“If I’m not mistaken, it should be an Eye of Death, allowing one to disguise as a zombie and endure the effects of decay, cold, death, and other auras. It can also identify the weaknesses of undead creatures and directly communicate with natural spirits and various undead creatures in the real world, using them for various magical effects. If you’re lucky enough, you might even have all of those abilities.</p>
<p>“Try not to carry this Beyonder characteristic with you. Otherwise, you’ll become the target of surrounding natural spirits and undead creatures. You’ll never know when you might suffer a bizarre attack.”</p>
<p><em>Impressive as it sounds, it’s somewhat similar to a Contractee—relying on other creatures to gain strength…</em> Lumian pondered for a few seconds and asked, “And the third?”</p>
<p>Gardner Martin settled back into his recliner.</p>
<p>“It’s also a Beyonder characteristic. If you carry it, you’ll find yourself rather lucky. This will be reflected in the details of various matters.</p>
<p>“The corresponding Sequence name is Lucky One, but you have to remember that reveling in luck is often a precursor to disaster. Also, it might allow you to see things you shouldn’t see.”</p>
<p><em>Sequence 7 of the Monster pathway?</em> Lumian recalled the contents of Aurore’s grimoires.</p>
<p>The Monster pathway, also known as the Fate pathway, was a pathway known for its high spiritual perception and close connection to fate.</p>
<p>Lumian chuckled and said, “The Lucky One ultimately transformed into a Beyonder characteristic in an unlucky manner? What an ironic joke.”</p>
<p>Gardner Martin agreed. “Don’t underestimate bad luck, and don’t rely on luck. Otherwise, you may also become a Beyonder characteristic.”</p>
<p>“Very philosophical.” Lumian took note of the words filled with experience and lessons learned.</p>
<p>He carefully recalled Gardner Martin’s introduction and realized that he wasn’t stingy with information about the corresponding Sequences.</p>
<p>Merely the descriptions of the abilities of a Spirit Medium and Lucky One could fetch a good price at many mysticism gatherings.</p>
<p>Gardner Martin pointed at the blackish-green fang on the ground.</p>
<p>“It’s a Werewolf Beyonder characteristic. Once transformed into a mystical item, it should provide powerful self-healing abilities, allow transformation into a werewolf, and grant a short burst of power at the expense of rationality.</p>
<p>“But, as you saw, Werewolves are always affected by killing and bloodlust. During the full moon or Blood Moon, there’s the latent danger of losing your mind and control.</p>
<p>“Have you decided which item to choose? If you choose the Beyonder characteristics, I can help you contact an Artisan and assist with the production fee. It’s the reward you deserve for your contribution tonight.”</p>
<p><em>Is the Artisan you’re hiring a Saint? How will you react if you discover that I’m hiding a Shadow Branch?</em> Lumian wondered, seriously considering his options.</p>
<p>First, he eliminated the Shadow Bracelet, suspected to be a mystical item of Mr. K’s pathway. Mr. K might offer similar but better options in his rewards soon. Besides, the negative effects of the Shadow Bracelet were too perilous. Even if Gardner Martin claimed he could weaken them, Lumian didn’t dare take the risk.</p>
<p>Most importantly, such a risk was pointless.</p>
<p><em>A Spirit Medium can compensate for my shortcomings, but it doesn’t complement the Shadow Branch. I can’t create a mystical item with the effect of lingering human-ghost emotions. Yes, some characteristics overlap with a Contractee…</em></p>
<p><em>Lucky One can make the Shadow Branch always trigger suitable desires? The Werewolf’s rationality sacrifice and the influence of being murderous and bloodthirsty are quite compatible with the Shadow Branch. I wonder what kind of mystical item it would produce…</em></p>
<p>After careful consideration that spanned a few minutes, Lumian made his decision.</p>
<p>“I want Lucky One.”</p>
<p>The main reason he gave up the Werewolf Beyonder characteristic was its potential negative effect of losing rationality.</p>
<p>Others might find ways to reduce the impact, using it only when facing enemies or avoiding certain lunar phases. But Lumian couldn’t take that risk. Losing his mind even once could lead to Termiboros exploiting him and causing the seal to lose its balance.</p>
<p>Furthermore, he belonged to the Inevitability domain as a Beyonder in some way. In the future, when he reached a higher Sequence, he might be able to enhance the mystical item’s effects through the Lucky One trait.</p>
<p>As for seeing things he shouldn’t, Lumian already had the Mystery Prying Glasses, so having something similar didn’t bother him.</p>
<p>Gardner Martin seemed surprised. He had expected Lumian to choose between the Spirit Medium Beyonder characteristic and Shadow Bracelet.</p>
<p>However, he quickly composed himself and didn’t inquire further. With a smile, he said, “Humans are obsessed with good luck.”</p>
<p>The Boss of the Savoie Mob, Commanding Officer of the Iron and Blood Cross Order, briefly left the activity room and went upstairs.</p>
<p>A few minutes later, he returned with a transparent glass jar, once used to hold sweets.</p>
<p>Inside the jar lay a mercury-colored eyeball, swiveling left and right as if it were alive.</p>
<p>“To carry and store it, place it in a narrow dark space,” Gardner Martin instructed as he wrapped the jar in black cloth.</p>
<p>Handing the item to Lumian, he added, “Change the jar every seven days.”</p>
<p>“Thank you, Commanding Officer.” Lumian put the glass jar containing the Lucky One Beyonder characteristic into his pocket.</p>
<p>Gardner Martin didn’t wonder why Lumian didn’t ask him to contact an Artisan. The true effects of a mystical item were something the wielder wanted to keep as secret as possible. Seeking an unknown Artisan was more conducive to secrecy.</p>
<p>Just as these thoughts crossed his mind, Lumian brought up the matter himself.</p>
<p>“Commanding Officer, I’d like to exchange the free Artisan service for other rewards.”</p>
<p>Curious, Gardner Martin asked, “What reward do you desire?”</p>
<p>A grin crept across Lumian’s face. “Help me find someone.”</p>
<p>“Who?” Gardner Martin had a hunch.</p>
<p>Lumian’s expression turned serious.</p>
<p>“Guillaume Bénet.</p>
<p>“Since you know I’m from Cordu, you must have seen the padre’s wanted poster.</p>
<p>“I’ve been tracking him, hoping to apprehend the heretic who caused disaster for me. I just received information that he might appear in Quartier de la Princesse Rouge next week. I’d like to request your assistance in locating him, Commanding Officer.”</p>
<p>Gardner Martin burst into laughter.</p>
<p>“I thought you wanted to handle it yourself, enduring pain, tracking alone, and seeking revenge in secret.</p>
<p>“Nicely done. You’ve learned to leverage an organization’s strength sooner than I expected. That’s something a Hunter must understand.</p>
<p>“I agree to your request.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
