<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch316.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-312-hint" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 312: Hint</h2>
<p>Though Lumian maintained a cautious skepticism toward Termiboros, his curiosity about the enigmatic “stroke of fate” continued to gnaw at him.</p>
<p>The way Termiboros had alluded to the Earth Blood ore as an “encounter” had caught his attention. Could this time involve Ludwig, the young boy?</p>
<p>There was something off about this fellow, something amiss. Yet, as their conversation unfolded, Lumian came to acknowledge Ludwig’s intelligence, origins, and apparent devotion to the God of Knowledge and Wisdom. Despite this interaction, Lumian found himself gaining no true insights or foresight. It was unlike his understanding of the Earth Blood ore’s potential, which hinged on specific conditions of going underground, finding the right area to encounter something.</p>
<p>Once again, Termiboros’s powerful voice reverberated through Lumian.</p>
<p><em>“The moment will reveal itself.”</em></p>
<p>“Can’t you people make yourself clear?” Lumian’s frustration surged, his blood boiling in his veins..</p>
<p><em>“I’m unlike what you consider people,”</em> Termiboros responded, straightforwardly. <em>“I’m a Mythical Creature.”</em></p>
<p>“…” Lumian was left speechless, taken aback. He forced a scoff and retorted, “I doubt even your sealed form can truly grasp fate’s threads. Each time, your answers are mired in vagueness. What sets you apart from amateurs in the Divination Club? If you possess the power, reveal clearly where my next opportunity lies!”</p>
<p>Termiboros responded with a deep tone, <em>“Tonight, at 11 p.m., Rist Docks, Warehouse 3.”</em></p>
<p>Huh? Surprise coursed through Lumian; Termiboros’s hint was unexpected.</p>
<p>Yet, within his astonishment, puzzlement persisted.</p>
<p><em>Inevitability’s Angel is that kind?</em></p>
<p><em>As a high-ranking Alms Monk, He shouldn’t have been provoked so easily to interpret my fate…</em></p>
<p><em>Could there be an ulterior motive?</em></p>
<p><em>Regardless, I’ll consult Madam Magician’s insight first.</em></p>
<p>Lumian decided swiftly. He rose, departed Salle de Bal Brise, and embarked on a journey to Rue des Blouses Blanches.</p>
<p>Executing a simple act of arson, he could initiate the initial potion digestion step and contemplate gaining a Contractee boon. Despite his anxiety, Lumian refused to lower his guard against Termiboros.</p>
<p>Within Rue des Blouses Blanches, in the safe house.</p>
<p>Lumian meticulously documented the particulars regarding Ludwig and Termiboros’s clue. Subsequently, he conducted a ritual, summoning the doll-like messenger.</p>
<p>As Lumian awaited Madam Magician’s response, he delved into a trove of information concerning spirit world creatures. Reading the descriptions of certain knowledge consumed a substantial amount of his spirituality. Some even induced dizziness, nausea, frustration, headache, a burning sensation, and illusions.</p>
<p>Similar to Aurore’s grimoires’ portrayal of profound knowledge about deities and high-level creatures, this information is fraught with intense corruption and perilous ramifications. If all the knowledge that pursues humans bear such attributes, it’s genuinely chilling. The prospect of losing oneself upon hearing it or succumbing to immediate demise is unsettling… Thus, Lumian punctuated his reading to safeguard his mental well-being from plummeting to precarious thresholds.</p>
<p>After poring through descriptions of approximately 30 to 40 spirit world creatures, Lumian stumbled upon a figure he recognized.</p>
<p>“Rabbit of Knowledge:</p>
<p>“Weak spirit world creature, friendly to humans and possesses an innate thirst for knowledge. Their summons are rarely declined.</p>
<p>“Diverse experiences yield distinct Rabbits of Knowledge. Shared traits include mastery of various languages, spoken and written communication skills, and adept reading capabilities. Extracting salient information from extensive knowledge is their forte, and their transcription speed outpaces even mechanical typewriters.</p>
<p>“Drawback: Limited communication finesse and inflexible thinking. Some Rabbits of Knowledge have been tainted by anomalous knowledge, evolving into significant hazards. To summon, restrict choices to the friendly and weak.”</p>
<p><em>So, it goes by the name “Rabbit of Knowledge.” Summoning this entity in the future should be more targeted… Yet, its abilities and attributes are of limited value. If I had gone as per Aurore’s vision of university enrollment, I would benefit from its multilingual proficiency and strong reading skills… Noteworthy, the text omits mention of its speed within the spirit realm, implying its negligible worth in that aspect. It moves sluggishly, drains spirituality…</em> Lumian lowered the document, massaged his temples, and embarked on his third respite.</p>
<p>During this juncture, the messenger bore Madam Magician’s response:</p>
<p>“I share curiosity regarding what encounter the lad named Ludwig would bring. His appearance in Trier intrigues me; motivations remain nebulous.</p>
<p>“Vigilance is prudent. His existence carries intrigue.</p>
<p>“Proceed. The window of acting presents itself to me as well.”</p>
<p><em>Can’t you people make things clear…</em> Lumian’s lips twitched, absorbing the succinct message.</p>
<p>However, a nuanced sense emerged that Madam Magician’s opening sentence wasn’t an immediate response. It resonated more as a condensed echo of her contemplations.</p>
<p>In essence, Madam Magician, imbued with her astromancy prowess, struggled to glean Ludwig’s fate. Her perceptions seemed clouded, suggesting she only harbored conjectures.</p>
<p>The obscurity surrounding Ludwig’s destiny, evident in her inability to perceive it, spoke volumes.</p>
<hr />
<p>At 10:50 p.m., at Rist Docks, outside Warehouse 3.</p>
<p>Lumian took cover in the shadows, poised to seize the much-anticipated opening for action.</p>
<p>Soon enough, two silhouettes approached Warehouse 3, drawing within a mere five to six meters of Lumian.</p>
<p>One of them spoke hushedly, riddled with concern, “Héctor, the accountants arrive tomorrow for an audit. How do we address this? Shall I hire a thief to pilfer the account records?”</p>
<p>“What purpose would that serve? The moment they inspect the warehouse, suspicion will arise. Our remaining stock barely equals a tenth of the required amount.” Héctor’s tone escalated, simmering with intensity. “If we’re to proceed, we ought to do so comprehensively by reducing the warehouse to ashes. This way, any discrepancies would remain concealed.”</p>
<p><em>I see…</em> Listening closely, Lumian deduced his cue to act.</p>
<p>As his companion wavered, Héctor interjected, “Fires are commonplace in Trier, normalized in everyone’s mind. Moreover, igniting them ourselves isn’t necessary. The market district swarms with miscreants and rogues. Once the time is ripe, we can entice them to vacate Trier with a handsome fee.</p>
<p>“Honoré, we can’t wait any longer. You must decide now.”</p>
<p>Honoré paused, then spoke resolutely, “Agreed! We’ll locate Guy and recruit him into our plan!”</p>
<p>The duo conducted a swift survey of the warehouse’s surroundings before departing for the docks, en route to rendezvous with their comrade, Guy.</p>
<p>After a brief trek, the sky abruptly reddened, casting an incandescent hue across the scene. Simultaneously, the crackle of flames resounded.</p>
<p>Honoré and Héctor instinctively spun around, bearing witness to an inferno emerging. Vermilion flames surged, fierce and ravenous, soaring to engulf the structure.</p>
<p>“Fire, fire…” Héctor mumbled, a glint of realization dawning. “Indeed, fire! Praise the Sun, it’s a fire!”</p>
<p>Honoré exhibited a similar reaction, his right hand tracing a Triangular Sacred Emblem over his chest, lips moving in muted invocation.</p>
<p>Yet, within the momentary elation, disquiet brewed within Honoré’s senses.</p>
<p>Trepidation tinted his voice as he discerned, “The warehouse isn’t aflame. It’s our office!”</p>
<p>Positioned meters away from the warehouse was their office—a modest gray two-story edifice.</p>
<p>The expanse separating it from the warehouse remained empty, devoid of combustible material.</p>
<p>“…” Héctor’s visage contorted in terror. Clenching his jaw, he spoke with grim resolve, “We must set fire to the warehouse now!”</p>
<p>Even as the words left his lips, an explosion erupted from the locus of crimson flames.</p>
<p>Though not seismic, the detonation garnered the attention of dock workers and firefighters.</p>
<p>“Fire! Fire!” The clamor resounded as responders converged. In Trier, a city renowned for frequent conflagrations, firefighters were seasoned in addressing such crises.</p>
<p>Observing the scene, Héctor and Honoré, who hadn’t reached Warehouse 3, slumped onto the roadside, their vigor sapped.</p>
<p>At the entrance of the dock.</p>
<p>Albus, his hair now a fiery hue, averted his gaze from the raging blaze to the middle-aged man at his side.</p>
<p>“Monsieur Guy, your colleague seems even more agitated than you.”</p>
<p>Guy’s complexion paled as he shook his head in bewilderment.</p>
<p>“The warehouse wasn’t the target of the fire…”</p>
<p>A pause lingered before Albus sneered.</p>
<p>“I warned you already. Hesitation begets mishaps. Now, ponder your escape. May you be more decisive this time.”</p>
<p>Beside the unassuming two-story structure, Lumian gazed upon the soaring flames. The timber and flammable materials metamorphosed into an ephemeral dragon, casting his countenance in fiery red, eyes alight with fervor.</p>
<p>With a grin, he advanced toward the blaze.</p>
<p>The duo’s intent to commit arson entailed erasing incriminating evidence by reducing the warehouse to ashes. However, Lumian’s purpose was to generate turmoil, inviting scrutiny that would unearth the discrepancies within the warehouse!</p>
<p>Such was the duty of a responsible citizen.</p>
<p>A mantle of flames enveloped Lumian, adhering to his attire obediently—merely a hair’s breadth from ignition.</p>
<p>Donning the flaming cloak, Lumian marched into the roaring blaze.</p>
<p>Fire coalesced with fire, repelling smoke. Effortlessly traversing the structure, Lumian exited on the opposite end of the dock.</p>
<p>Following the arson, Lumian acquired a rudimentary mastery over the potion’s powers. He tamed it, dispelling the burning sensation on his skin and the trepidation in his heart.</p>
<p>While his potion digestion remained incomplete, Lumian had already adapted to his present state, giving him the capacity to receive an additional Inevitability boon.</p>
<hr />
<p>After carrying out a few rounds of anti-tracking, Lumian returned to the safe house on Rue des Blouses Blanches.</p>
<p>Initiating the initial step of digesting the Pyromaniac potion prior to tracking down the padre filled him with satisfaction. He maintained a smile, yet his demeanor faltered upon glimpsing the towering pile of dense information within the iron cabinet.</p>
<p>It would take at least a month or two to finish reading them!</p>
<p>How could he identify an apt contracted creature in so brief a span?</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
