<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch318.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-314-crowd-sourcing" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 314: Crowd-Sourcing</h2>
<p><em>Did you communicate with your godson and come to me to confirm the situation?</em> Lumian maintained his smile.</p>
<p>“What you believe has no bearing on me, as long as you don’t subscribe to an evil god. Furthermore, devotees of the God of Knowledge and Wisdom are not wanted criminals in Trier.”</p>
<p>His implication was clear: <em>“I’m still a wanted criminal. Believe what you will.”</em></p>
<p>Baron Brignais had always been astute. He changed the subject and continued, “Thank you for aiding me in locating Ludwig. I’m unsure how to adequately express my gratitude.”</p>
<p>He refrained from specifying a thank-you gift, hoping to gauge Lumian’s stance and thoughts.</p>
<p>Lumian pondered briefly before recalling the idea he had set aside.</p>
<p>Getting Baron Brignais to assist with reading and summarizing didn’t necessitate his presence alongside Franca, Jenna, and Anthony Reid. He could impart some information, clarify what he needed to focus on, and allow him to return home to peruse and transcribe.</p>
<p>Likewise, before Anthony Reid committed to joining the pursuit of Padre Guillaume Bénet, direct contact with Jenna and Franca couldn’t be allowed. An isolated “office” could be arranged for him at a later time.</p>
<p>Lumian glanced at Baron Brignais and inquired deliberately, “Are you proficient in reading and drafting notes?”</p>
<p>Aurore’s grimoires had denoted that the pathway under the Church of the God of Knowledge and Wisdom was labeled Reader. This was also the title of Sequence 9 potion. Sequence 8 was Student of Ratiocination, and Sequence 7 was Detective.</p>
<p>Given Baron Brignais rarely exhibited special abilities and mostly leveraged his exceptional intellect, above-average combat skills, and sharp marksmanship to lead the Savoie Mob, coupled with his present faith, Lumian speculated he was a Beyonder of the Reader path.</p>
<p>From the potion’s nomenclature alone, one could infer such an individual excelled in reading.</p>
<p>Baron Brignais drew from his pipe and responded, “In contrast to the illiterate, my reading and learning aptitude is rather commendable.”</p>
<p>He couldn’t entirely fathom Ciel’s intentions, yet he suspected Ciel was prying into his Beyonder pathway.</p>
<p>And it wasn’t confidential. Gardner Martin had long been privy to this.</p>
<p>Lumian unveiled a genuine smile.</p>
<p>“Lately, I managed to acquire a collection of data regarding creatures from the spirit world. However, as you’re aware—well, you should be, shouldn’t you?—immersing oneself in this kind of knowledge for extended periods weighs heavily on the mind. Being a Beyonder of the Hunter path, I won’t require this information anytime soon. Nevertheless, I wish to promptly have access to the relevant knowledge when necessary, without squandering valuable time. Therefore, I intend to share a portion of this information with you and kindly seek your assistance in perusing and extracting the key terms.”</p>
<p>“Much akin to constructing an index for a library.” Baron Brignais promptly grasped.</p>
<p>He grinned and remarked, “Truthfully, this would prove advantageous to me. That knowledge holds considerable value.”</p>
<p><em>Library index… As anticipated of an adherent of the God of Knowledge and Wisdom. How professional… </em>Lumian rejoiced, sensing Baron Brignais was roughly on par with Anthony Reid combined with a Rabbit of Knowledge.</p>
<p>Simultaneously, he harbored a cautious sentiment toward Baron Brignais. For instance, he would furnish this God of Knowledge and Wisdom follower with ten pages of information. He would peruse them in advance and jot down notes. Subsequently, he would cross-reference them with the index submitted by Baron Brignais to discern any deliberate omissions or alterations.</p>
<p>Of course, this was Lumian’s unrefined approach. He could alternatively beseech Franca to verify via divination, but the potential for interference still existed.</p>
<p>Lumian slid his hands into his pockets and surveyed Baron Brignais, akin to an artisan observing a laborer. He beamed and uttered, “I’m indifferent to who benefits, as long as I accomplish my objective.”</p>
<p>Baron Brignais nodded faintly, refraining from further commentary. He solely apprised Lumian of his whereabouts the following morning and requested the information to be conveyed there.</p>
<p>Auberge du Coq Doré, Room 305.</p>
<p>Facing Anthony Reid, Lumian eased back and reiterated his words to Baron Brignais. Concluding, he voiced, “This knowledge serves as your compensation. Furthermore, I shall impart to you the knowledge of ritualistic magic. You’ll be able to summon a unique spirit world creature to peruse the information alongside you and distill the essential points. How does that proposition strike you? Are you inclined to accept this assignment?”</p>
<p>Anthony Reid’s deep brown eyes mirrored Lumian’s form as he contemplated and responded, “You’re pressed for time. This matter bears added weight for you. It carries great significance.”</p>
<p>Lumian had no intention of concealing this. He seized the opportunity and conveyed, “I’m confronted with the need to face a formidable adversary soon, and I seek to secure a fitting contracted creature. When the moment arrives, I might extend you an invitation, primarily in a supportive role. You can consider whether to agree and what form of compensation you desire. Heh heh, there’s no rush for an answer. Think over it for the next two days.”</p>
<p>“You’re paving the way for me to be mentally prepared and foster appropriate expectations.” Anthony Reid deciphered Lumian’s thoughts.</p>
<p>Instantly, Lumian felt a twinge of embarrassment, but he was never one to blush easily. He maintained a composed smile and articulated, “Can you not tell that being honest will put your life in danger?”</p>
<p>Anthony Reid offered a slight nod, affirming certain aspects prior to committing to aid in perusing the information and crafting the “summary.”</p>
<hr />
<p>On the second floor of Salle de Bal Brise, in the room adjacent to Lumian’s quarters.</p>
<p>Lumian surveyed Anthony Reid and the Rabbit of Knowledge, seated in tandem, diligently sifting through the information and completing forms. He subtly nodded in relief.</p>
<p>Once more, he reiterated the caution not to delve deeply into the spirit world creature knowledge marked as “powerful” and “dangerous.” Exiting the room, he entered the office at the corridor’s end.</p>
<p>Franca cozied up in Lumian’s armchair, her red-booted feet propped on the desk’s edge.</p>
<p>Baffled and intrigued, she inquired, “What exactly do you need our help with? Why are you being so mysterious?”</p>
<p>Jenna settled into the chair across from her, turning her body as her gaze drifted to the door.</p>
<p>Lumian nonchalantly shut the door and recounted the scenario, elucidating his need to secure a contracted creature prior to confronting the padre.</p>
<p>“Wouldn’t a simple divination suffice?” Franca pondered as she acquiesced to Lumian’s entreaty, while Jenna simmered with curiosity about the spirit world creatures.</p>
<p>Before long, Franca gazed up at the trio of Rabbits of Knowledge and Jenna, as well as Lumian, each absorbed in their respective tasks of poring over documents. Amusement laced her voice as she quipped, “Why does this feel like a miniature workshop, and we’re the toiling transcribers?”</p>
<p><em>Congratulations, your instincts are on point…</em> Lumian retorted in jest, “Am I not also perusing the information and completing forms?”</p>
<p>Franca mulled it over and conceded. She resumed her “labors.”</p>
<p>And so, they persisted until well past 10 p.m., punctuating their efforts with numerous breaks—meals, siestas, catnaps—to mitigate the strain. Brief reprieves preceded the summoning of the Rabbits of Knowledge once more.</p>
<p>Intermittently, during his short intervals, Lumian observed Franca, Jenna, Anthony Reid, and the quartet of Rabbits of Knowledge. He remained vigilant to prevent them from becoming too engrossed and to detect any anomalies they might experience.</p>
<p>Jenna reached her threshold first. Having newly ascended to Instigator, she hadn’t fully acclimated to the potion’s effects and was grappling with containing the surge of power. Her state was less than optimal.</p>
<p>Anthony Reid followed suit. His psychological scars ran deep, rendering him susceptible to certain deviations.</p>
<p>Lumian, Franca, and the seventh set of Rabbits of Knowledge soldiered on till the end.</p>
<p>Baron Brignais concluded his task around 6 p.m. and delivered the documents and forms to the café.</p>
<p>After dismissing the summons and seeing off the fatigued “assistants,” Lumian returned to the safehouse on Rue des Blouses Blanches, arranging the forms in a neat stack.</p>
<p>Perusing the papers briefly, he confirmed the general state of affairs. A sense of accomplishment swelled within him as he casually tossed the forms onto the table.</p>
<p>The immediate selection wasn’t on his agenda. His plan was to first establish a Contractee status and sort out the specifics of the contract. Only afterward would he consult the index, thereby preventing the likelihood of stumbling upon a spirit world creature that matched his criteria in all respects but failed to meet the contract stipulations.</p>
<p>Lumian rested for a spell before summoning a Rabbit of Knowledge and tasking it with duplicating two more forms.</p>
<p>Storing the three indices separately, Lumian’s weariness was palpable. The prospect of cleansing himself seemed distant as he tumbled onto the bed and surrendered to sleep.</p>
<hr />
<p>At 6 a.m., Lumian brimmed with vigor, showing no haste to descend underground, arrange an altar, and beseech for a boon. Instead, he engaged in his usual regimen: jogging, practicing boxing, and cultivating his mental equilibrium.</p>
<p>By nearly 8 a.m., he stood before the doorway to Room 207 at Auberge du Coq Doré, ingredients at the ready.</p>
<p>After a brief internal debate, Lumian ultimately seized the carbide lamp—although he no longer required specialized illumination equipment; he was, in essence, a paragon of such abilities.</p>
<p>His aspiration rested on his foes’ initial assumption that he lacked night vision and was inept at generating light.</p>
<p>In Underground Trier, within the quarry cavern that had once borne witness to Inevitability-linked rituals on several occasions.</p>
<p>Lumian briefly tidied the dank, lightless setting, positioning a blood-infused candle upon the altar stone.</p>
<p>Just as he concluded the sanctification of the ritual silver dagger and readied to cast a spiritual barrier, faint footfalls reached his ears.</p>
<p>The sounds reverberated within the subterranean passage, seemingly not distant from the present mine.</p>
<p><em>Someone is passing by?</em> Lumian’s pulse quickened, his intent fixated on swiftly restoring the area to order and concealing himself.</p>
<p>Yet, as he neared the altar before him and before he could extinguish the carbide lamp, soft footsteps drew close, manifesting at the cave entrance.</p>
<p>Aware that concealment was futile, Lumian promptly swiveled around, one hand nestled in his pocket, his gaze converging on the source of the sound.</p>
<p>A slender man of brownish-black complexion stood there, clutching a carbide lamp. His black hair bore a slight curl, and his eyes held a profound allure. He sported a black seer’s cloak reminiscent of those seen in a circus.</p>
<p><em>Monette…</em> Lumian recognized the figure.</p>
<p>He was an Islander swindler who had duped Charlie and been hoodwinked by the con artists in Salle de Bal Unique.</p>
<p>Monette, too, saw Lumian.</p>
<p>A smirk tugged at the corners of his lips as he greeted with palpable cheer, “What a coincidence.”</p>
<p>In tandem with his words, the swindler produced a crystalline monocle, inserting it into his right eye socket.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
