<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch332.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-328-bottle-of-fiction" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 328: Bottle of Fiction</h2>
<p>“Lumian Lee!”</p>
<p>Lumian found himself frozen in place, his gaze distant as he reacted to the ominous growl.</p>
<p>In a shadowy corner of the abandoned mine, a figure outlined itself.</p>
<p>Clad in a complete coat of brown dog skin, the figure’s torso and abdomen burst open, revealing a human form adorned in a white robe, embellished with intricate silver and black threads.</p>
<p>Without a sound, the canine skin dropped to the ground, unveiling a man of slight stature, barely reaching 1.7 meters.</p>
<p>His thin black hair framed a face with sharply intense blue eyes, and a slightly upturned nose added to his air of authority. This was none other than Guillaume Bénet, the padre of Cordu Village!</p>
<p>At that very moment, a smile graced Guillaume Bénet’s lips. He held a white human bone in his grasp, his eyes aflame with a fanatical zeal that suggested he was on the cusp of receiving a newfound boon from the forces of Inevitability, a boon that could reshape his destiny.</p>
<p>Guillaume Bénet’s initial instinct was to flee from 50 Rue Vincent the moment he saw his decoy incapacitated by the strange spell, and his adversary vanishing through the aid of Spirit World Traversal.</p>
<p>In doing so, the decoy could fulfill its full potential of averting disaster. He would escape the looming catastrophe, embarking on a fresh start in a new location, unburdened by the present circumstances.</p>
<p>Yet, within an instant, his abilities as a Fate Appropriator alerted him to the anomaly in the assailant’s destiny and the lingering traces of a formidable entity aligned with the Inevitability pathway.</p>
<p>From this revelation, he deduced that the individual responsible was Lumian Lee, the very person harboring the Angel he had once tirelessly invoked!</p>
<p>Rapid thoughts raced through Guillaume Bénet’s mind. As a devoted adherent to the might of Inevitability, he was instantly consumed by zealous fervor.</p>
<p>He sought to capture or eliminate Lumian Lee!</p>
<p>He aspired to break the seal, allowing Inevitability’s Angel to truly descend upon the land!</p>
<p>He yearned to obtain a godhood boon, breaking free from the constraints of mortality. He longed to stand as Inevitability’s chosen representative, guiding the troves of foolish humanity.</p>
<p>Having swiftly assessed the situation on both fronts, Guillaume Bénet ordered Paulina and the others to flee, luring any potential allies of Lumian Lee away from the scene. Meanwhile, he left behind the “substitute,” creating a trail of clues for Lumian Lee to follow—leading him into the basement to unveil a hidden door.</p>
<p>With his preparations in place, Guillaume Bénet entered the sacrificial chamber, deliberately preserving the sheepskin, cowhide, and dog skin. This would enable Lumian Lee, already versed in the Animal Creation Spell, to swiftly uncover the truth.</p>
<p>Simultaneously, he shook off a tuft of dog fur, inadvertently revealing his escape route. He chanted the incantation he had prearranged, dispelling the Animal Creation Spell. Drawing upon his concealed power, Guillaume Bénet unlocked the door leading to Underground Trier—a contractual power known as the Bottle of Fiction.</p>
<p>This ability, a source of personal avarice, enabled Guillaume Bénet to convert designated, modest-sized spaces—those harboring symbolic elements like doors and windows—into realms encapsulated within the Bottle of Fiction. He could impose simple entry conditions, permitting only those who met the prerequisites to enter, while others would be promptly returned to their original positions.</p>
<p>Guillaume Bénet’s stipulation for entry was “one bearing the power of Inevitability.”</p>
<p>This criterion was one he shared with Lumian Lee. Regardless of whether Lumian had embraced Inevitability’s boon, as a carrier of the Inevitability Angel, enmeshed in the threads of fate, he undeniably possessed Inevitability’s power. This design ensured that Lumian’s allies couldn’t breach the Bottle of Fiction’s barrier without a boon of Inevitability. It left only Lumian Lee and himself secluded within. And if they had indeed embraced Inevitability, they would both remain influenced by the great existence—transforming them into equivalent companions during pivotal moments.</p>
<p>Guillaume Bénet sidestepped the utilization of individuals hailing from Cordu as entry criteria into the Bottle of Fiction, as it posed a vexing challenge to confirm such origins. Such a determination demanded consultation with the spirit world, unlike the more direct assessment of one possessing a distinct power.</p>
<p>Furthermore, should Paulina and the others manage to elude their pursuers and return to this very spot, they could provide essential aid through the opening of the bottle.</p>
<p>Having meticulously orchestrated his plan, Guillaume Bénet concealed himself, poised for Lumian Lee’s entry into the Bottle of Fiction.</p>
<p>As anticipated, upon seeing Lumian Lee, now under an altered guise yet devoid of any traces of the Inevitability Angel’s influence, Guillaume Bénet took swift action, invoking the Soul Assimilation Mystic Spell.</p>
<p>Understanding that Lumian Lee wasn’t the individual’s original name but had been assumed for nearly six years, recognized by all those around him, Guillaume Bénet was certain this identity held a mystic connection that could serve as the true name.</p>
<p>Endowed with the knowledge of Cordu as its padre, he possessed a certain insight into Lumian Lee’s circumstances. With conviction in the efficacy of the Soul Assimilation Mystic Spell, he anticipated it would gravely disorient Lumian Lee.</p>
<p>Observing Lumian Lee’s form, frozen at the threshold of the Bottle of Fiction, head bowed and body swaying with instability, Guillaume Bénet’s grin expanded.</p>
<p>Acting without hesitation or speech, he hurled the white human bone he clutched, intending to employ a curse spell capable of rendering the target comatose indefinitely.</p>
<p>With this achieved and Lumian Lee under his sway, his intention was to retrieve the pre-prepared ritual sheepskin, enshroud the captive, and intone the incantation, transforming him into a voiceless, nearly powerless sheep.</p>
<p>At that juncture, Guillaume Bénet could lead the sheep elsewhere, endeavoring to shatter the seal and unleash the imprisoned Angel.</p>
<p>Once successful, he would ascend to sainthood, becoming a potent human figure bestowed with godhood powers!</p>
<p><em>Smack!</em></p>
<p>As the bone landed, Guillaume Bénet surged forward, rapidly enunciating a Hermes incantation.</p>
<p>“Blind, d…”</p>
<p>Midway through the chant, the padre—having made all of Cordu village a sacrificial offering—suddenly experienced a tightening within his chest, an uncommon premonition heralded by fate.</p>
<p>For him, such premonitions occurred rarely. Including this instance, it was the second occurrence. The prior occasion had led him to reassess his actions upon arriving in Trier, spurring him to execute the Substitution Spell and Transfiguration, generating a substitute.</p>
<p>With absolute faith in Inevitability, Guillaume Bénet ceased his chant and lunged to the side.</p>
<p>In the next second, he heard Lumian’s voice.</p>
<p>“Hmph!”</p>
<p>A nearly imperceivable white beam shot forth from Lumian’s nostrils, impacting the precise spot where Guillaume Bénet had stood. The beam streaked through the air, vanishing upon contact with the uneven gray-black terrain.</p>
<p>Lumian’s gaze lifted, his eyes extraordinarily clear, seemingly untouched by the Soul Assimilation Mystic Spell.</p>
<p>Concealed beneath his elongated hair, his ears were snugly filled with soft paper balls!</p>
<p>In anticipation of residual effects upon entering the basement, he had taken precautionary measures, blocking his ears and altering his appearance to fend off the Soul Assimilation Mystic Spell’s influence.</p>
<p><em>How could I be affected if I can’t even hear you call my name?</em></p>
<p>Admittedly, the paper balls couldn’t wholly stifle sound. A faint shout did reach Lumian, though he failed to discern it as his name. The impact was but a mild vertigo, quickly dissipating.</p>
<p>Capitalizing on this opportunity, he deduced the affliction he had confronted to be the Soul Assimilation Mystic Spell. With feigned gravity, he baited his lurking adversary into revealing himself, launching a surprise counter with the Spell of Harrumph.</p>
<p>Yet, Lumian hadn’t envisaged Guillaume Bénet as his assailant.</p>
<p>Unwilling to flee just yet, he clung to his resolve to confront the foe and liberate the imprisoned Angel!</p>
<p>Such a determination heightened Lumian’s intensity, a fusion of anxiety and exultation, an undercurrent of madness underscoring his elation.</p>
<p>Instantaneously, Guillaume Bénet vanished upon landing beside him. Ebony tendrils, contorted like serpentine forms, descended from the mine’s apex, shrouding the Bottle of Fiction in an enveloping embrace, blossoming into colossal flowers as crimson as blood.</p>
<p>Circling the entryway, Lumian retrieved the iron-gray military alcohol flask, uncapped it, and withdrew the Decency brooch.</p>
<p><em>Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!</em> Emerald-green arrows exuding a pale pallor streaked forth from the rear of the black vine, piercing the space Lumian had just vacated.</p>
<p>Where these arrows connected, the rocks and earth seemed to undergo the assault of concentrated acid, manifesting glaring and exaggerated signs of corrosion.</p>
<p>After donning the Decency brooch, Lumian’s form agilely evaded the Ghastly Green Arrows, targeting his cranium. Simultaneously, he genuflected and inclined forward, palms pressed to the gravel and dirt.</p>
<p>Abruptly, vermillion flames surged forth, forging a crescent-like barrier.</p>
<p>This fiery barricade extended in all directions, kindling the obsidian vines in its path and inciting the vivid flowers, their fierce maws agape.</p>
<p>An inconspicuous, saccharine aroma permeated the air, inducing a drowsy haze, an inclination toward slumber.</p>
<p>Guillaume Bénet, unveiling himself after launching the Ghastly Green Arrows, nimbly shifted his position. Inhaling the anesthetic gas engendered by the blazing Abyss Demon Flowers, he beheld the crimson wall poised to transmute the entire abandoned mine into an inferno.</p>
<p><em>Why would Lumian Lee ignite the Abyss Demon Flowers, knowing they induce sleep?</em> A momentary bewilderment flashed across Guillaume Bénet.</p>
<p>In a flash, his insight converged with Lumian’s stratagem.</p>
<p>Lumian aimed to cultivate an environment saturated with anesthetic gas, an environment impartial to ally or adversary alike!</p>
<p>In essence, this would induce slumber in Lumian Lee as well as Guillaume Bénet. Lumian’s companions stood sentry outside the Bottle of Fiction. It was conceivable they would soon decipher a means to shatter the contract spell’s hold!</p>
<p>Comprehending this, Guillaume Bénet emitted a disdainful snort, his visage adorned with a metallic sheen.</p>
<p>Steel Body!</p>
<p>This was also a contract ability he had never exhibited in front of Lumian Lee.</p>
<p>Temporarily morphing him into a metallic entity, it rendered Guillaume Bénet impervious to the anesthetic gas’s effects!</p>
<p>Naturally, metamorphosing into a metallic entity would curtail his capacity to wield most of his abilities.</p>
<hr />
<p>Outside the Bottle of Fiction.</p>
<p>Upon grasping that she and Jenna had returned to the sacrificial chamber while Lumian had mysteriously disappeared, Franca swiftly procured a mirror.</p>
<p>Stains of blood and black splotches marred the mirror’s surface.</p>
<p>Puzzled, Jenna inquired, “Why are you employing Mirror Substitution?”</p>
<p>Wouldn’t it be more sensible to make another attempt at traversing the hidden door?</p>
<p>With an air of solemnity, Franca explained, “This mirror carries the Mirror Substitution spell I prepared for Ciel prior to our mission. It allows me to cast a reversed curse on Ciel.</p>
<p>“Presently, I’ll employ a milder curse to assess if I can establish a connection with him.”</p>
<p>Should she succeed in placing a curse upon Lumian, it would imply the connection remained intact. If the bond hadn’t been severed, an alternative resolution had to be pursued!</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
