<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch341.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-337-magicians-speculation" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 337: Magician’s Speculation</h2>
<p><em>Madame Hela has arrived in Trier?</em> Lumian held the letter with a countenance etched in complexity.</p>
<p>In essence, nothing seemed awry about this development. After all, the vice president of the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society, codenamed Hela, had alluded to her impending visit to Trier beforehand. However, Lumian’s introduction to Roche Louise Sanson had occurred merely that afternoon, sparking suspicions of Aurore’s original body harboring beliefs in Inevitability and hinting at a potential anomaly within the April Fool’s team. Strikingly, this very evening saw the arrival of this woman in Trier, soliciting a meeting.</p>
<p>She had advised Lumian to keep a vigilant watch over Muggle’s familial roots, surmising it to be a promising avenue of investigation.</p>
<p><em>Sheer coincidence, or is there another reason?</em> Lumian pondered briefly before easing into his seat. Beneath the carbide lamp’s glow, he set pen to paper, commencing correspondence with Madam Magician.</p>
<p>In succinct prose, he relayed the day’s occurrences, his discourse with Franca, and the conundrum of the Armored Shadow. While he withheld no mention of Hela’s arrival, he refrained from disclosing the fact that the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society’s members hailed from an alternate world.</p>
<p>Approximately half an hour later, Lumian received a response from Magician:</p>
<p>“Giving up on the creature accompanying the boon and autonomously choosing a contract partner from the spirit world was a prudent choice. Your transition into an Inevitability Hunter, with the bestowed of the Inevitability pathway as your objective, proves that my subtle guidance bore fruit after all.”</p>
<p>At this point, Lumian was a little puzzled.</p>
<p><em>When had Madam Magician ever hinted at forgoing the strange creatures that came with the boon?</em></p>
<p>Suddenly, a realization surged forth.</p>
<p>Before praying for a Contractee boon, unaware that the mystical knowledge it brought would encompass contract targets, Madam Magician had offered him information on creatures from the spirit world for his consideration.</p>
<p><em>It was indeed a hint, but did it have to be so subtle?</em> Lumian mused that those skilled in divination or enamored with astromancy seemed averse to straightforward elucidation. Instead, they favored dropping crumbs of insight or weaving riddles imperceptible to others.</p>
<p>After figuring this out, Lumian lowered his head and resumed poring over Madam Magician’s response.</p>
<p>“Sinners, a secret organization that venerates Inevitability, has been around for more than six years. Its origins can be traced back to the closing stages of the Loen Kingdom, the Feysac Empire, and the Intis Republic’s war. Roche Louise Sanson, the name you mentioned, might have been an adherent of Inevitability, though perhaps not granted its corresponding boons. In sum, that war provided evil gods more crevices for invading our world.</p>
<p>“You’ve likely discerned the close connection between Roche Louise Sanson and your sister Aurore. To a certain extent, they’re one, yet not wholly distinct personas. Much like the Rebirth ability, your sister carried a prior background, resurrecting within the departed body of Roche Louise Sanson. According to the normative progression, your sister should’ve taken such a path:</p>
<p>“Integration of Roche’s memories and sentiments→internal conflict→a prelude to dissociative identity disorder→self-harmony→embracing a fresh existence.</p>
<p>“If self-reconciliation fell short, engaging a genuine Psychiatrist was requisite.</p>
<p>“Judging by your sister’s behavior during the first five years, even if her self-harmony remained incomplete, she fared reasonably well. Likely, her disquiet was manageable. Yet, she found Roche’s association with an evil god unacceptable. This unresolved matter provided an opening for the Soul Summoning Spell.</p>
<p>“Just as you’re puzzled, why would she want to use the Soul Summoning Spell on herself? It’s a crucial question…</p>
<p>“I suspect that Sinners is not only the secret organization’s name, but also a Sequence 2 or Sequence 1 of the Inevitability pathway.</p>
<p>“The entity known as Inevitability does have authority over the past, present, and future. You glimpsed this in your dream, did you not? Sinners of the past and Sufferers of the present, do they not harmonize splendidly? But what befits the future?”</p>
<p><em>Sinners of the past, Sufferers of the present… I wonder if Termiboros signifies the past or the future… Yes, Madam Magician’s guess is similar to Franca’s, but she doesn’t seem to agree that it’s purely the resurgence of a wraith. It rather appears a fusion of dissociative identity and lingering spirit…</em> Lumian meticulously pondered the message’s depictions, wary of omitting any hints.</p>
<p>He was relatively calm now. Be it the real Roche Louise Sanson’s revival or Aurore’s dissociative identity and the vestige of spirit unveiled through the Soul Summoning Spell, he could embrace either without much hardship.</p>
<p>One was an evil person doing evil deeds, and the other was his sister being sick—what was so unacceptable?</p>
<p>Lumian released a deliberate, slow breath, shifting his gaze towards the letter behind.</p>
<p>“The Armored Shadow problem is very complicated. Neither you nor the Two of Cups should be privy to the specifics at this juncture. In fact, prior to your summoning of such a shadow, I’d only heard of analogous entities from Mr. Hanged Man. He’s come across them only three or four times, one instance even within a dream.</p>
<p>“In the future, as you summon the Armored Shadow again and fulfill your commitment, remember to write to me and inform me of any noted changes.”</p>
<p><em>Mr. Hanged Man… The holder of the Hanged Man card in the Tarot Club? Responsible for addressing the problem with the other world?</em> Lumian’s mind engaged earnestly, realizing Madam Magician’s implicit message: This entails a matter of high caliber. Details are beyond your grasp for now, but you can investigate and follow leads within your capabilities.</p>
<p><em>This implies the Tarot Club’s vested interest in the world represented by the Armored Shadow…</em> Lumian tacitly nodded, his focus returning to the remnants of the letter.</p>
<p>“I’ll notify you when the timing for the final psychiatric treatment is confirmed…</p>
<p>“Your mystical item should be ready within the upcoming week…</p>
<p>“Meet Hela. No glaring concerns on my end. You might even hint that Aurore’s anomaly might have stemmed from the sale of the Soul Summoning Spell by an April Fool’s member, gauging her reaction. As for telling her about the Armored Shadow, it’s up to you and the Two of Cups.”</p>
<p>Lumian lightly brushed his fingertips, causing the crimson flames to set the letter alight.</p>
<p>After completing this task, he composed a response to Hela.</p>
<p>“Honorable Madame Hela, if it suits you, let’s meet tomorrow at 10 a.m. at Quartier de l’Observatoire’s Little Cow Café on Rue Ancienne.”</p>
<p>Lumian had initially planned to choose a meeting spot in the market district he knew well. But the risk of the Iron and Blood Cross Order spotting him with a stranger was too high.</p>
<p>His second option was to pick a café or beer house near a cathedral. However, he felt that this might come off as overly cautious. It would seem as if he could seek refuge in the cathedral if anything went awry. But the truth was, he didn’t dare to hide there.</p>
<p>In the end, he settled on Rue Ancienne, the street where Salle de Bal Unique was situated.</p>
<p>When the time came, if there was something amiss with Hela, he would draw the danger to the dance hall that set his nerves on edge. He wanted to see if he could manipulate the troublemakers into turning against each other.</p>
<p>After receiving Hela’s response and confirming the time and place, Lumian returned to Rue des Blouses Blanches with the Earth Blood ore. He knocked on Franca and Jenna’s door once more.</p>
<p>Franca was still dressed in her usual attire, not having changed into her nightwear. She looked at Lumian with a puzzled expression and asked, “Why are you here again?”</p>
<p>Instead of answering, Lumian inquired, “Where’s Jenna?”</p>
<p>“Why do you need to know? She received a payment from you and left to visit her brother,” Franca replied, sensing that Lumian had serious matters to discuss.</p>
<p>Only then did Lumian bring up his meeting with Hela the next day. Finally, he posed the question, “Should I mention Armored Shadow?”</p>
<p>“Not yet. We’ll wait until we have a clearer picture,” Franca said after careful consideration. “For now, don’t mention me. Act as if we’ve never met.”</p>
<p>A chuckle escaped Lumian’s lips. “You’re suspicious of everyone.”</p>
<p>“It’s better to be cautious,” Franca sighed. “The Soul Summoning Spell has made me excessively vigilant.”</p>
<p>Once the details were confirmed, Lumian glanced at Franca. “Are you heading out?”</p>
<p>“Yes, I’m going to Rue des Fontaines to find Gardner,” Franca replied openly, a mischievous grin on her face. “I’m going to introduce him to some real pleasure.”</p>
<p>Lumian was momentarily speechless.</p>
<p>Franca let out a soft laugh.</p>
<p>“I don’t have much of a choice. Since neither you nor Jenna are helping me, I need to find someone else to share in the pleasure.”</p>
<p>Without waiting for Lumian’s response, she added with a smile, “I’ll also tell Gardner that I took part in your operation against your enemy at Jenna’s request, and that I received a substantial share of the spoils.”</p>
<p>Lumian was surprised. “I thought you’d keep it a secret from him.”</p>
<p>Franca chuckled and explained, “That guy is actually a very suspicious person. In most cases, telling him the truth works better than keeping things from him.”</p>
<p>As Lumian nodded in agreement, Franca recalled something.</p>
<p>“The ritualistic incantations have been divined. The dispelling incantation is ‘His Grace,’ and the usage incantations are ‘Cow,’ ‘Sheep,’ and ‘Dog.’ It depends on the type of hide used. Everything’s in Hermes.”</p>
<p>With that, the Demoness waved her hand and left with a joyful demeanor.</p>
<p><em>The dispelling incantation is ‘His Grace’… The padre sure has a taste for power…</em> Lumian entered Apartment 601, grabbed the five ritualistic hides, and made his way to his safe house.</p>
<p>Of course, he didn’t forget to lock the door for Franca.</p>
<hr />
<p>The following morning, on Rue Ancienne, Quartier de l’Observatoire.</p>
<p>Lumian walked among the vintage buildings, realizing that Salle de Bal Unique and the Alone Bar remained closed at this hour.</p>
<p><em>Ding ding ding.</em> A postman pedaled by in a blue floral coat.</p>
<p>Lumian diverted his gaze from the firmly shut door of Salle de Bal Unique and continued his stroll, heading towards the café named Little Cow.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
