<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch397.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-393-information-about-celestial-worthy" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 393: Information About Celestial Worthy</h2>
<p>Lumian was taken aback.</p>
<p>“Did it cause a huge commotion?”</p>
<p>He knew that once the Blood Emperor’s aura was activated, it would undoubtedly attract the attention of nearby official Beyonders and powerful figures. It would be akin to setting Saint Viève Cathedral on fire. The commotion wouldn’t be small, but he never expected this to catch the attention of Madam Magician, who didn’t seem to be in Trier, for her to rush over.</p>
<p>He had intended to write a letter and report this matter.</p>
<p>Madam Magician nodded seriously.</p>
<p>“Very. It even led some people to believe that the door to Fourth Epoch Trier had opened.”</p>
<p>The commotion is even greater than I had imagined. As expected of Blood Emperor Alista Tudor… Lumian wasn’t vexed or surprised; instead, he calmly sat on the edge of the bed.</p>
<p>It had already happened, so there was no point in feeling vexed or surprised. Moreover, even if he had to do it again, he would still do it.</p>
<p>Lumian began recounting how he had posed as his sister to infiltrate the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society and determine if there was anything amiss with the person who had sold her the Soul Summoning Spell. He continued until Loki lost control and died, but no Beyonder characteristics emerged. It was suspected that there was a way for him to revive. There was also the honorific name of an evil god that Hela and the Two of Cups had pieced together.</p>
<p>Magician didn’t interrupt, but the smile on her face had vanished at some point in time.</p>
<p>“Do I need to recite the honorific name’s four lines intermittently, or can I just say them?” Lumian finally asked.</p>
<p>Madam Magician’s voice was calm as she replied, “Just say it. It won’t be a problem as long as you don’t use ancient Hermes, Jotun, and other unprotected Beyonder languages.”</p>
<p>Lumian subconsciously surveyed the room and realized that it had grown dimmer. Although the crimson moonlight could penetrate the glass window, it seemed to be obstructed by an invisible, soundproof, and deep curtain.</p>
<p>He then repeated Franca’s translated honorific name.</p>
<p>With that said, he saw Madam Magician fall silent, as if she had transformed into a statue.</p>
<p>“What’s wrong with that?” Lumian probed.</p>
<p>Magician pondered for a moment and looked at him.</p>
<p>“You’re saying that you relied on the brink of losing control from your anger to trigger the resonance of the Blood Emperor’s aura and create a commotion that can break through the three layers of the thin fog’s concealment?”</p>
<p>“That’s right,” Lumian replied, still feeling a lingering fear as he recalled the situation. “Normally, once my emotions exceed the limit, I would recall the cues left behind by Madam Susie. However, even the corresponding memories became intermittent and vague, preventing the cues from having the desired effect. In fact, if I hadn’t held out hope when I was first controlled and instead tried to activate the Blood Emperor’s aura immediately, Loki probably wouldn’t have been able to truly stop me. When the control deepened, it wouldn’t have worked. I could only rely on such passive reactions…”</p>
<p>Madam Magician wore a thoughtful expression and didn’t respond.</p>
<p>“Is there a problem with this part of the situation?” Lumian asked bluntly.</p>
<p>Magician nodded slightly and said, “There’s nothing wrong with this detail. It’s very reasonable. It’s a normal development of the situation back then. The problem is that you just obtained the Blood Emperor’s aura not long ago, so it came in handy.”</p>
<p>Lumian was taken aback for a few seconds before blurting out, “Could Amon have foreseen my encounter tonight by stuffing the Earth Blood ore into my pocket? Is His purpose to help me?”</p>
<p><em>Help that nearly got me killed?</em></p>
<p>“This might be just one of the goals, and it’s not His,” Madam Magician said with a soft sigh. “It’s the goal of the one who’s roughly equivalent to His father.”</p>
<p>Lumian was taken aback once more.</p>
<p>“The one the Aurora Order believes in? The one who inherited half of the Ancient Sun God’s inheritance?”</p>
<p>For some reason, Mr. K’s maniacal laughter echoed in his mind.</p>
<p><em>Piousness is the only way out!</em></p>
<p>Madam Magician muttered to herself, “Previously, I thought I wanted to involve you more deeply in matters related to the Sauron family, the Iron and Blood Cross Order, and the Fourth Epoch Trier. Now, it seems that I’ll have to include disrupting that entity’s plan…”</p>
<p>Seeing that Lumian still didn’t understand why it involved the deity believed in by the Aurora Order, Magician explained, “Do you remember when you thought accepting another Major Arcana card holder’s commission was a normal and reasonable matter? You didn’t need to tell me?”</p>
<p>“I remember,” Lumian replied, not seeing any problem with that. “It’s true that I made a mistake, but it has nothing to do with that person. It’s a manifestation of my true thoughts.”</p>
<p>Madam Magician chuckled.</p>
<p>“Coincidentally, I didn’t meet Miss Justice during that time, so there was an information gap.”</p>
<p>Lumian’s eyes flickered as he caught a whiff of a conspiracy.</p>
<p>Madam Magician continued, “The combination of two coincidences might not be coincidental. Think about the complete honorific name of that entity.”</p>
<p>“I can’t recall,” Lumian admitted. “Madam Justice made a psychological cue. I can only recall it if I pray for Mr. Fool’s angelic protection.”</p>
<p>“There’s no rush. When you can recall, you’ll naturally understand the source of the problem,” Magician warned him simply. “You have to be vigilant once you encounter too many coincidences.”</p>
<p>Lumian nodded solemnly.</p>
<p>Madam Magician consoled him,“There’s no need to be too nervous, let alone reject contact with Mr. K. This time, with that entity’s arrangements so obvious, He’s telling us that He knows, that He is watching and listening.</p>
<p>“This also means that He holds no ill intentions for the time being. Otherwise, not only would you be finished, but I would also be in danger.”</p>
<p>Lumian was burdened with numerous issues. He couldn’t afford to fret at such a high level. It was pointless to fret. After all, he relied on the Tarot Club the most.</p>
<p>He then inquired, “Madam, which evil god does Loki and company believe in?”</p>
<p>Only by clarifying the evil god’s domain and characteristics could he better guard against and deal with His believers in the future.</p>
<p>Magician fell silent for several seconds, so silent that even a Beyonder as bold as Lumian couldn’t help but feel his heart race.</p>
<p>Eventually, she let out a sigh and remarked, “Actually, I have mentioned that evil god to you.”</p>
<p>“Huh?” Lumian had no impression of such a thing.</p>
<p>Madam Magician fell silent for a few seconds before saying, “I’ve told you before, Mr. Fool is facing off against an ancient deity. This outcome holds the power to shape our destinies and determine whether our world can survive the impending apocalypse.</p>
<p>“That ancient deity is known as the Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings.”</p>
<p>“It’s actually Mr. Fool’s enemy…” Lumian hadn’t anticipated such a revelation.</p>
<p><em>Me branded by Mr. Fool… Aurore, possibly brought to this world by the Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings… Loki and his associates, who are devout followers of the Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings, sold the Soul Summoning Spell to Aurore, triggering a series of catastrophic events… Mr. Fool is in direct opposition to the Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings…</em></p>
<p>A torrent of information flooded Lumian’s mind, leaving him feeling like he was on the verge of unraveling a truth that was still missing crucial details.</p>
<p>Madam Magician pondered for a moment before continuing.</p>
<p>“I’ve also mentioned that if you address Mr. Fool using anything other than his three-lined honorific name or attempt to invoke him without following the proper ritual, I can’t guarantee that he will be the one who responds. It might even lead to perilous encounters.</p>
<p>“Now, I can offer you a clear answer. Under those circumstances, the response you receive could very well be from the Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings.”</p>
<p><em>Praying to Mr. Fool in an incorrect manner might gain a response from the Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings…</em> Lumian was overwhelmed by the sheer volume of information. His head felt like it was about to burst.</p>
<p>Then, a crucial detail caught his attention.</p>
<p>The title “The King of Yellow and Black” in Mr. Fool’s honorific name bore a striking resemblance to Franca’s translation of the Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings!</p>
<p>With this revelation, a chilling sensation washed over Lumian.</p>
<p>He hesitated for a few seconds before deciding to inquire, “What’s the connection between Mr. Fool and the Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings?”</p>
<p>Madam Magician offered a wry smile in response.</p>
<p>“What I know isn’t that detailed or precise. For example, after the one the Aurora Order believes in inherited half of the Ancient Sun God’s inheritance, the Ancient Sun God was resurrected in some way.”</p>
<p>Lumian grasped the general idea and let out a relieved sigh.</p>
<p>“It seems to mirror Aurore’s association with Roche Louise Sanson.”</p>
<p>This facilitated his understanding.</p>
<p>Madam Magician seemed taken aback.</p>
<p>Almost instinctively, she reached out as if attempting to retrieve a drink from thin air, but she restrained herself in the end.</p>
<p>Lumian recounted the entire incident, a hint of pain and deep confusion in his voice.</p>
<p>“What could this Celestial Worthy be planning? Aurore was just a Sequence 7. Even if Roche Louise Sanson and her family are devout followers of Inevitability, they wouldn’t be able to do anything of significance…”</p>
<p>Madam Magician sighed once more.</p>
<p>“Perhaps He intends to hasten the arrival of the apocalypse and allow the evil gods beyond the barrier to invade more easily.</p>
<p>“In that case, in order to protect this world and us, its inhabitants, Mr. Fool might consider abandoning the confrontation and permitting the Celestial Worthy’s return intact.”</p>
<p>Lumian listened in a daze, a sudden thought racing through his mind.</p>
<p><em>What would happen if Mr. Fool indeed chose to stop resisting the Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings?</em></p>
<p>Magician didn’t delve further into the topic.</p>
<p>“I can’t share more information at this moment. In short, pursuing Loki and his associates is both your personal vendetta and a shared mission of our Tarot Club. If you’re confident, take action on your own. If not, feel free to seek assistance from other Major Arcana card holders at any time to eliminate the minions of the Celestial Worthy to the best of your ability.”</p>
<p>With that, the woman stood up, and the room suddenly transformed into a celestial spectacle, filled with twinkling stars.</p>
<p>It felt as if Lumian had been transported into the vast and dazzling cosmos.</p>
<p>The stars revolved continuously, as if conveying a message. Madam Magician observed them for a moment before remarking, “It’s true that divination doesn’t reveal Loki’s whereabouts or identity after his resurrection, and the others lack sufficient information.</p>
<p>“Once Hela has organized the relevant data, provide me with a copy.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
