<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch421.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-417-the-importance-of-intel" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 417: The Importance of Intel</h2>
<p>The concert began as scheduled, and Theresa and Aldina separated, completely immersed in the orchestra’s performance.</p>
<p>In Trier, the citizens displayed immense enthusiasm and respect for the arts. During the Living Artists Exhibition, the daily number of visitors surpassed that of those who frequented various execution grounds to witness executions.</p>
<p>Franca withdrew her gaze with regret and closed her eyes, savoring a symphony that evoked the image of moonlight glistening on a tranquil lake at night.</p>
<p>Lumian had received no formal education in this domain, so his knowledge of music was limited to three things. Firstly, Aurore’s occasional humming and the melodies of shepherds’ flutes. Secondly, songs from places like Ol’ Tavern, Cordu Village Square, and Salle de Bal Brise, which were often laced with suggestive lyrics and rhythms. Lastly, the psalms from the Eternal Blazing Sun’s Mass. However, now, he found himself deeply moved by the band’s performance. His mood gradually settled, as if he could envision Cordu Village and the highland pasture nestled in the darkness.</p>
<p>It was a serene night, adorned with a canopy of stars.</p>
<p>Lumian wasn’t entirely captivated by the music. From the corner of his eye, he scrutinized the lady impersonating Theresa, carefully observing her every move.</p>
<p>The imposter Theresa appeared highly emotional, her demeanor shifting from sorrowful during the lyrical passages to exuberant during the ensemble. She seemed to be completely attuned to the fluctuations in the music.</p>
<p>Lumian pondered whether she had an exceptional affinity for music or if she harbored a strong desire to perform and convey something profound.</p>
<p>If it was the latter, Lumian could tentatively conclude that the imposter Theresa was likely a Sequence 7 Actor. Based on his understanding of the Mother Tree of Desire’s boon pathways, Beyonders typically wouldn’t be so profoundly affected by the desires associated with a Sequence after moving beyond it. However, there might still be a more pronounced influence compared to ordinary individuals.</p>
<p>As time passed, the orchestra played three symphonies, culminating in the conductor turning, bowing, and addressing the audience.</p>
<p>“The final movement is titled ‘The Girl Under the Moon.’ I’d like to invite the most beautiful lady here onto the stage, so that our entire orchestra can have the honor of taking a photograph with her as a beautiful memento.”</p>
<p>Franca quickly lowered her head.</p>
<p>She had no desire to be chosen and become the center of attention.</p>
<p>This would embarrass her a little.</p>
<p>Nonetheless, she wasn’t overly concerned. Having altered her appearance and height with Lie, she could only be considered ordinary and mildly charming. After all, the greatest challenge for a Demoness of Pleasure when tailing a target lay in their inherent beauty, charisma, and attention-grabbing aura. If she didn’t become invisible or remain concealed in the shadows, she ran the risk of being discovered.</p>
<p>Such requests were not uncommon in Trier, and several women in the audience were eager to step forward.</p>
<p>To them, being chosen would symbolize a significant acknowledgment of their appearance and demeanor.</p>
<p>Lumian’s gaze swept over the attendees, eventually settling on Aldina and the imposter Theresa.</p>
<p>The former seemed visibly excited, her anticipation clear in her demeanor. On the other hand, the latter’s body exhibited an abnormal tension, and she trembled slightly, a mix of excitement and nervousness evident in her demeanor.</p>
<p>Upon witnessing these reactions, Lumian couldn’t help but smirk slightly, gaining a rough understanding of the fake Theresa’s situation.</p>
<p>The desire for recognition was one of the fundamental desires of a Sequence 6 Recipient of the Mother Tree of Desire pathway!</p>
<p>Hence, it was likely that the fake Theresa was a Sequence 6 Recipient, not yet a Sequence 5 Fallen Tree Spirit. Otherwise, her yearning for recognition wouldn’t be so overwhelming.</p>
<p>The invitation to bring the most beautiful lady onto the stage for a photograph wasn’t a mere coincidence—Lumian had sponsored it himself.</p>
<p>After discovering that the first stage of the date between the imposter Theresa and Aldina involved attending a concert, Lumian had sought out the Delan Music Hall to ascertain the evening’s repertoire. He had then devised a plan in line with Trier’s style based on the title of the final movement, attempting to bribe the orchestra.</p>
<p>Ultimately, he had succeeded in convincing the conductor, not just because he had used Franca’s 1,000 verl d’or, but also because Lumian had provided a compelling reason.</p>
<p>It was a romantic gesture intended for a certain lady, a gesture driven solely by affection, without any expectation of reciprocation or leaving a name.</p>
<p>Romantic gestures had a special place in the hearts of these Trier artists.</p>
<p>Through this event, Lumian sought to “detect” whether the fake Theresa harbored any exceptional desires.</p>
<p>A skilled Hunter couldn’t simply wait for opportunities to arise; they had to know how to create them!</p>
<p>Of course, the precondition was having sufficient intel. Otherwise, planning with precision or avoiding easy detection would be impossible.</p>
<p>The conductor scanned the room and singled out the woman whom he believed to be the most beautiful.</p>
<p>He also assumed that she was the object of the young man’s affection from earlier in the day.</p>
<p>Such extraordinary beauty was a rarity!</p>
<p>The woman, with her bright gray eyes and neatly tied black hair, gracefully approached the orchestra, while the fake Theresa slouched in her seat, unable to hide her disappointment, regret, and frustration.</p>
<p>“How should I address you?” the conductor inquired of the lady in the elegant black court dress beside him.</p>
<p>With a gentle and melodious voice, she replied, “Clarice.”</p>
<p>Franca gazed at Clarice with admiration, finding her exceptionally captivating, although she couldn’t quite pinpoint the reason why.</p>
<p>After the concert concluded, Lumian and Franca decided not to tail Adaina and the impostor Theresa. Instead, they headed straight to Room 502 in Apartment 25 on Rue Ménier in the square district.</p>
<p>This was a rented apartment that they had temporarily cleared out by paying. Across the way, in Room 401 of Building 23, was Adaina’s chosen rendezvous point for clandestine meetings.</p>
<p>Tonight, she would return to that very room with the fake Theresa.</p>
<p>With Lumian and Franca’s enhanced Beyonder vision, the distance between them and the target room wasn’t enough to obscure their view of the situation inside. Their primary objective now was to remain hidden and avoid detection by the fake Theresa while observing.</p>
<p>Before long, the window of Room 401 in Apartment 23 across the street illuminated. Several gas wall lamps cast a bright glow throughout the living room.</p>
<p>Immediately after, Lumian witnessed the passionate embrace between the fake Theresa and Adaina as they approached the glass window.</p>
<p>Their longing was palpable, but they also wanted to shield their intimate moment from prying eyes.</p>
<p>“Quite focused,” Lumian teased with a smile.</p>
<p>Franca didn’t reply, her breathing growing heavier.</p>
<p>“Be prepared,” Lumian whispered to Franca, making sure the fake Theresa’s attention was on her companion.</p>
<p>Franca nodded slightly and responded in her usual tone, “Got it.”</p>
<p>Her primary mission was to watch for any unexpected developments.</p>
<p>Without hesitation, Lumian activated the black mark on his right shoulder.</p>
<p>A faint light shimmered beneath his clothing, and he vanished from the shadows of Building 25.</p>
<p>Across the street in the apartment, Adaina and the impostor Theresa wrestled with the curtains while they were stuck to one another, attempting to shield the glass window.</p>
<p>Lumian’s form materialized suddenly, two meters behind the fake Theresa, facing Adaina, whose eyes were clouded with desire and cheeks flushed.</p>
<p>Adaina’s eyes narrowed, and her pupils dilated. She couldn’t fathom how a tall, slender man with blond hair and blue eyes had appeared in her room out of nowhere.</p>
<p>For a moment, it felt like she was trapped in a surreal dream. The disjunction between her physical senses and her bewildered mind was stark.</p>
<p>Almost simultaneously, Lumian let out a heavy harrumph.</p>
<p>Two beams of white light shot from his nose, targeting the fake Theresa and affecting Adaina.</p>
<p>In unison, the two women closed their eyes and slumped into unconsciousness.</p>
<p>Lumian acted swiftly, catching the fake Theresa before she could fall to the ground. He then raised his right palm and delivered a firm strike behind her ear.</p>
<p>A mystical coma combined with a physical one!</p>
<p>With the fake Theresa safely incapacitated, Lumian gently placed her on the carpet, keeping a cautious distance from the unconscious Adaina.</p>
<p>He squatted beside the woman he suspected to be a Recipient and began searching her dress and handbag for canisters.</p>
<p>Having familiarized himself with the mystical drugs commonly used by the Bliss Society, Lumian located a canister of sedatives, unscrewed the cap, and brought it to the fake Theresa’s nose, allowing her to inhale its contents for more than ten seconds.</p>
<p>Only then did Lumian exhale a sigh of relief. He stowed away the sedative, no longer concerned about the imposter Theresa waking up suddenly.</p>
<p>He stood up and made his way to the glass window, where the curtain was only partially closed. Lumian signaled to the fifth floor of the opposite building with his thumb and index finger forming a circle, while his other three fingers remained extended.</p>
<p>He was informing Franca that the operation had been successful. The target was under control, and she could join him now. Lumian might need to employ Magic Mirror Divination later.</p>
<p>After drawing the curtains shut, Lumian turned his attention to the unconscious fake Theresa and sighed inwardly.</p>
<p><em>Intel is crucial…</em></p>
<p>The same principle applied to the synergy of abilities.</p>
<p>Without a rough understanding of the names and characteristics of Sequence 9 to Sequence 5 within the Actor pathway, along with knowledge of their corresponding desires and states, Lumian wouldn’t have taken such a calculated risk. He wouldn’t have been able to resolve the situation in just a few seconds.</p>
<p>As for the Contractee’s three abilities, if they weren’t carefully chosen and harmonized, they could easily be defeated by a Sequence 9 Hunter, much like the mouth-orifice monster in Cordu’s ruins. Even with Spirit World Traversal and the Spell of Harrumph, Lumian might stand a chance against some Sequence 5s, but it would be a formidable challenge to sustain such efforts.</p>
<hr />
<p>As Lumian waited for Franca to join him in the adjacent apartment to Adaina’s,</p>
<p>Browns Sauron remained hidden in the shadows, her keen senses tuned to the situation behind the wall as she gazed at the building opposite.</p>
<p>She could already discern the sounds of Adaina and the fake Theresa returning to the apartment, along with the rustle of curtains being drawn. These scenes seemed to play out vividly in her mind.</p>
<p>The situation tormented her. She felt a deep sense of injustice and pain, as though she had willingly sent her lover into the arms of her romantic rival.</p>
<p>Despite her understanding that this was a carefully planned trap and that her lover and her rival had been intimate on multiple occasions, she still felt an overwhelming sense of worry and anxiety. The sporadic noises only fueled her imagination with various scenarios.</p>
<p>Standing there made her uncomfortable, and leaning against the wall didn’t alleviate her unease.</p>
<p>Observing Franca and her young lover’s concealed apartment across the way, Browns Sauron couldn’t help but mutter with frustration, “Why haven’t they launched their attack yet?”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
