<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch423.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-419-new-priestess" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 419: New Priestess</h2>
<p><em>Why did Maipú Meyer return to the market district?</em></p>
<p>This question raced through the minds of Lumian and Franca simultaneously. They felt a lurking danger.</p>
<p><em>Could it be that Maipú Meyer genuinely cared for Susanna Mattise and sought retribution?</em></p>
<p>But even then, exposing the true killer and concealed secrets to the other key members of the Bliss Society seemed like the most fitting way to exact revenge!</p>
<p>Without harnessing the collective might of the entire organization, he would inadvertently aid his adversary, Lumian, by relying solely on his own capabilities!</p>
<p>As Lumian observed Beatrice’s pallid countenance and vacant gaze, he tried to think from Maipú Meyer’s perspective and find a rationale for his actions.</p>
<p><em>Maipú Meyer, a Sequence 6 Recipient, harbors an insatiable hunger for recognition and a fervent desire to accomplish something noteworthy…</em></p>
<p><em>Despite facing rejection and isolation from the other key members of the Bliss Society, he does have a motive to make a substantial solo contribution and earn genuine recognition…</em></p>
<p><em>While revealing the existence of the Tree of Shadow to Beatrice and the others could be seen as a contribution, it doesn’t measure up to rectifying his past mistakes independently to appease the Mother Tree of Desire to the fullest extent. The latter would truly earn him recognition…</em></p>
<p><em>This peculiar competition might be perplexing to ordinary folks, but it isn’t unusual for a Recipient to engage in it…</em></p>
<p><em>The question now is: What does Maipú Meyer hope to achieve in his quest for recognition?</em></p>
<p><em>Is it revenge against me? Although a direct confrontation holds little hope for him, he could pose a significant threat if he conceals himself in the shadows and suddenly influences me at a critical moment. After all, I lack a substitute ability, and my physical resistance hasn’t undergone a qualitative change compared to ordinary people. He could eliminate me with a revolver.</em></p>
<p><em>However, Maipú Meyer must have heard plenty about me from Susanna Mattise. There is a good chance he knows about the Angel sealed within my body. Isn’t he concerned that corruption might erupt after my demise, potentially dragging him down as well?</em></p>
<p><em>If he were to perish, how could he satisfy his yearning for recognition?</em></p>
<p><em>Or is it the mere notion of taking a formidable foe with him to the grave that would leave the other members of the Bliss Society awestruck and filled with genuine remorse and admiration? Is his ultimate aim to climax in tears and be propelled towards his demise by desire?</em></p>
<p><em>Otherwise, does he aspire to make a sacrifice akin to Susanna Mattise’s? Yes, securing recognition from the Mother Tree of Desire is a higher-level and noble pursuit.</em></p>
<p><em>But the Tree of Shadow is severely damaged and won’t recover for a long time. How can he even make such a sacrifice</em></p>
<p>Lumian struggled to decipher Maipú Meyer’s plan or intentions, vaguely grasping his motives.</p>
<p>Nonetheless, Lumian couldn’t suppress a surge of frustration and violence at the mere thought of a pair of icy eyes lurking among the pedestrians, nearby tenants, dance hall customers, and peddlers. It was as though someone close to him had been replaced by Maipú Meyer without anyone’s awareness. He burned with anticipation to unmask the Actor.</p>
<p>The detrimental effects of the contracts, items, and brands on him continued to destabilize his emotions.</p>
<p>Franca, on the other hand, didn’t dwell on this. Although the Magic Mirror Spirit Channeling Spell endured much longer than standard spirit channeling spells, it was not entirely boundless. There was still a time limit, one measured in minutes. She was unwilling to squander this precious time on analysis that could be postponed.</p>
<p>She continued to ask Beatrice Incourt.</p>
<p>“Of all the members of the Bliss Society, who does Maipú Meyer have the closest relationship with?”</p>
<p>Beatrice’s voice grew increasingly ethereal.</p>
<p>“He had the strongest bonds with the members in the market district, but they’re either deceased or captured.”</p>
<p><em>Genuinely ostracized…</em> Franca’s hopes dimmed, and she inquired further, “Who in the Bliss Society is most likely to be privy to Maipú Meyer’s whereabouts and plans?”</p>
<p>Beatrice responded lifelessly, “No one, not even the new high priestess.”</p>
<p>Franca found herself at a dead end and changed her line of questioning.</p>
<p>“Who is this new high priestess?”</p>
<p>Beatrice’s eyes were piercingly vacant as she replied, “It’s Siber.”</p>
<p>“What’s her true identity?” Franca pressed.</p>
<p>Beatrice’s eyes on the mirror’s surface seemed far more translucent than before.</p>
<p>“I don’t know. She joined us later. At that point, we had evolved beyond a simple lesbian organization. We started concealing our true identities.</p>
<p>“Siber might still be a theater actress.”</p>
<hr />
<p>On the outer wall of Adaina’s apartment, Browns Sauron clung there in silence, resembling a colossal black spider.</p>
<p>Through the curtains, she could only discern two shadows not far away. The voices were even fainter and more distant than before, but she could vaguely identify them as female.</p>
<p><em>Adaina and the imposter Theresa are still conversing? That doesn’t add up. At this proximity, with an Assassin’s acute hearing, I should be able to clearly hear them even through the sealed glass window and thick drapes… What’s happening inside?</em> Browns Sauron’s anxiety and curiosity swelled as she attempted to extend invisible spider silk through the gap in the window.</p>
<p><em>†</em></p>
<p>Franca’s Magic Mirror Spirit Channeling Spell had reached its limit, and she concluded it rationally. She watched as Beatrice Incourt’s image faded from the mirror’s surface.</p>
<p>She wasn’t overly disheartened because she already knew the crucial details about several key members of the Bliss Society and their weekly gatherings’ time, venue, and method.</p>
<p><em>But there is no need to personally track them. They are unaware of Ciel. Even if the Rose School of Thought locates them, they wouldn’t extract any valuable information…</em> Franca cast a glance at Lumian, stowed away the mirror, and dispelled the wall of spirituality.</p>
<p>Amidst the howling wind, the two of them sensed a disturbance at the window and the presence of a figure that seemed human.</p>
<p>The wall of spirituality had isolated their movements, reducing interference but also affecting their perception and surveillance of the surroundings.</p>
<p>Franca’s form abruptly vanished, and Lumian sidestepped, evading the window’s direct line of sight.</p>
<p>They didn’t rush to attack because they had a vague notion of who was outside.</p>
<p>Amidst the commotion, Browns, who had discreetly pried open the window, witnessed the curtain “self-consciously” part to either side, revealing her own silhouette.</p>
<p>Just as she was about to react, she spotted Franca Roland’s current disguised countenance.</p>
<p>Their gazes locked, and silence hung in the air for over ten seconds.</p>
<p>Finally, Browns snapped out of her trance and inquired with concern, “Where’s Adaina?”</p>
<p>“She’s unconscious.” Franca gestured towards the carpet near the window.</p>
<p>Browns scrutinized her female partner, then glanced at the motionless impostor Theresa, and queried once more, “Has it been dealt with?”</p>
<p>“It’s resolved,” Franca replied calmly.</p>
<p>The spirit channeling had already come to an end!</p>
<p>Browns’s gaze darted between Franca and Lumian, her expression a mix of surprise and confusion. She inquired, “When did you launch the attack?”</p>
<p><em>Before the curtains were fully drawn…</em> Franca was about to respond, but she hesitated, realizing that revealing the timing of the attack might expose Ciel and her combat abilities. Instead, she quickly changed her response and smiled.</p>
<p>“Why don’t you take a guess?”</p>
<p>Browns Sauron recollected the faint movements she had sensed but found no overt signs of a battle.</p>
<p>This left her even more astonished.</p>
<p><em>Could this wild Demoness and her young partner be truly that formidable?</em></p>
<p><em>Are their richer experiences and varied gains truly that advantageous?</em></p>
<p>Consumed by jealousy, Browns leaped into the room and shut the window.</p>
<p><em>She doesn’t seem concerned about being attacked by us at all… Is she inexperienced, or does she have great confidence in the Demoness’s various substitutes? Or is there something she’s relying on?</em> Lumian observed with indifference, making no move.</p>
<p>Franca maintained her smile and said, “We’ve gathered some intel, including information on the current high priestess of the Bliss Society and a few key members.”</p>
<p>She began recounting the information she had acquired from Beatrice.</p>
<p>The more Browns listened, the more astonished she became.</p>
<p><em>They managed to gather so much intel?</em></p>
<p><em>This should have taken a significant amount of time!</em></p>
<p><em>When did they attack and how long did they take to finish the battle?</em></p>
<p><em>It couldn’t be that the imposter Theresa was ambushed the moment she entered the room and approached the window, could they?</em></p>
<p>Based on her observations, this member of the Bliss Society appeared to be a Sequence 6 Recipient, on par with her and Franca Roland, even surpassing the suspected Sequence 7 Pyromaniac, Ciel Dubois!</p>
<p>Franca paid no heed to Browns’s reaction and continued, “I’m pleased to inform you that our problem is simpler than we thought, and it’s been resolved. Now, it’s your problem. Heh heh, Beatrice isn’t the only key member of the Bliss Society with an interest in the Red House Café.”</p>
<p>She was subtly suggesting that the Demoness Sect should “take over” in eliminating the remaining members of the Bliss Society.</p>
<p>“Are you instigating me?” Browns asked sharply.</p>
<p>Franca replied with a smile, “No, just a reminder.”</p>
<p>While they continued their conversation, Lumian returned to Beatrice’s lifeless form, crouched down, and conducted a more thorough search.</p>
<p>This time, he discovered banknotes and gold coins amounting to 1,500 verl d’or, along with a neatly folded note.</p>
<p>Lumian unfolded the note and read the Intisian written on it: “Go to the hostel and retrieve the painting within three days.”</p>
<p><em>Hostel… What hostel? What painting is this referring to? This seems like a deal made by the authentic art dealer, Theresa, but somehow, the receipt ended up in the hands of the impostor? Where is the real Theresa now… We forgot to inquire about this…</em> Lumian pondered the implications as he held the note.</p>
<p>He stood up, prepared to question Browns Sauron about the real Theresa’s situation. Although Browns recognized that Franca was trying to instigate her, she couldn’t deny that Franca had a point.</p>
<p>Browns looked down at Adaina, attempting to rouse her.</p>
<p>At that moment, all three of them halted simultaneously and directed their attention toward Beatrice Incourt’s lifeless body.</p>
<p>The light over there seemed to dim slightly, and the corpse underwent a subtle transformation.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
