<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch441.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-437-cashing-out" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 437: Cashing Out</h2>
<p>Jenna remained indifferent during the initial part of the sermon, finding it reminiscent of the Eternal Blazing Sun Church’s Holy Bible.</p>
<p>However, her attention perked up when The Fool requested to be addressed as “him” rather than “Him.” This slight change in expression indicated her growing focus.</p>
<p>As the sermon continued, Jenna’s surprise became evident, and her face revealed a mix of shock and intrigue.</p>
<p><em>Is Gehrman Sparrow, the adventurer, truly connected to The Fool’s Church?</em></p>
<p><em>Could he be an angelic messenger delivering The Fool’s message of redemption?</em></p>
<p>Jenna wondered amidst her astonishment. Teslian, the half-giant bishop, didn’t press her about her belief in The Fool but instead turned his attention to a supplicant deeply immersed in prayer.</p>
<p>The supplicant appeared to be a sailor in his prime from the sea. His skin was bronze, and his face bore obvious signs of the elements. His hair was disheveled and dark-blue, and Jenna couldn’t see his features due to his bowed head in prayer.</p>
<p>Dressed in the same linen shirt, brown jacket, and loose dark pantaloons favored by sailors and pirates, he also sported a unique belt adorned with a dagger, telescope, and various tools.</p>
<p><em>He’s probably a captain. He looks quite dignified…</em> Lumian retracted his gaze and looked at Jenna.</p>
<p>Jenna, still processing the revelations, rose in a daze and left the cathedral. She wandered aimlessly along the harbor district’s edge.</p>
<p>Lumian followed, hands in his pockets, refraining from immediate persuasion.</p>
<p>After walking for nearly ten minutes, Jenna slowed down and muttered to herself, “No wonder you claim to be a shallow believer in God.”</p>
<p>The God referred to the Eternal Blazing Sun.</p>
<p>Lumian replied with a smirk, “You can also be a shallow believer in Mr. Fool. He doesn’t concern himself with such matters.”</p>
<p>“I… I’ll think about it,” Jenna replied, her beliefs shaken by the unconventional sermon. It wasn’t that the Bible was well-written; rather, The Fool’s claims and the Church of The Fool’s approach differed significantly from her previous teachings. She now hesitated and struggled with her faith.</p>
<p>Lumian glanced at her and didn’t incessantly persuade her.</p>
<p>In such situations, it was crucial to know when to stop, as excessive attempts could lead to resistance and repulsion.</p>
<p>Almost simultaneously, Lumian sighed inwardly.</p>
<p><em>As expected, proselytizing needs to be done by professionals…</em></p>
<p>Given my friendship with Jenna, she didn’t hesitate to reject my suggestion to convert. However, the bishop’s sermon had stirred something within her, causing her to reconsider her stance…</p>
<p>The two of them continued in silence for another 10 to 20 meters, with Lumian stealing glances at the bustling harbor and the deserted streets nearby. He casually asked, “How’s your progress with gathering the Witch potion ingredients?”</p>
<p>Jenna was caught off guard by the question.</p>
<p>“I only digested the Instigator potion two days ago. How could I have gathered the main ingredient for the Witch potion so quickly?”</p>
<p>Perhaps it was the residual influence of the cathedral, but Jenna’s urge to curse wasn’t as pronounced.</p>
<p>Lumian dropped a bombshell. “Well, I digested the Pyromaniac potion yesterday and managed to acquire both the main ingredient and the supplementary ingredients for the Conspirer potion on the same day.”</p>
<p>Jenna couldn’t help but exclaim, “Dammit! How can we be the same? I want a special hunting ground for hunting and digestion too!”</p>
<p>Franca had already informed her of Lumian’s encounter in Red Swan Castle, excluding Magician’s response.</p>
<p>Jenna found it surreal.</p>
<p>Just last night, they were both at Sequence 8 and Sequence 7 respectively, and the gap wasn’t that significant. Why did the things they experienced differ so much, as if they were worlds apart?</p>
<p>One of them still dwelled on the fringes of mysticism, occasionally encountering the horrifying bizarre. The other had delved deep into the mysteries, surrounded by secrecy and danger.</p>
<p>After venting her frustration, Jenna disclosed, “I asked the Purifiers, and they don’t seem very supportive of my advancement to become a Witch. They won’t pay me in advance for the main ingredients. They claimed there’s no pressing need for my investigations at the moment. However, they did promise to sell me the main ingredients and the more elusive supplementary ingredients at a discount if I can raise the funds. The main ingredients alone cost 16,000 verl d’or each.”</p>
<p><em>A discounted price… Besides, does this promise mean that the Purifiers have every main ingredient for the Witch potion? I thought they only had converged Beyonder characteristics. After all, their method of obtaining Witch-related items should involve hunting… Does the Eternal Blazing Sun Church have a way to restore Beyonder characteristics to main ingredients?</em> Lumian didn’t quite understand.</p>
<p>Turning his gaze to the road, Lumian pondered and asked, “Do you owe Franca 60,000 verl d’or now?”</p>
<p>“Yes, I do.” Jenna fretted at the mention of it. I wonder when I’ll be able to pay it back.”</p>
<p>Lumian chuckled.</p>
<p>“In that case, would you like to owe a bit more?”</p>
<p>“Huh?” Jenna’s thoughts froze.</p>
<p>With his hands still in his pockets, Lumian grinned.</p>
<p>“Owe me 35,000 verl d’or, and I’ll help you gather all the ingredients for the Witch potion.”</p>
<p>Jenna, intrigued, inquired, “D-do you actually know where to find them?”</p>
<p>Lumian chuckled.</p>
<p>“I’m not entirely certain, but there’s a good chance.”</p>
<p>He intended to exchange it from the Iron and Blood Cross Order.</p>
<p>Yesterday, he had received recognition from Gardner Martin for his adventure in Red Swan Castle’s underground maze, and this contribution could be redeemed immediately or accumulated for higher Sequence potions. Lumian hadn’t made up his mind on how to use it yet, but now he decided to utilize it to get all the ingredients for Jenna’s Witch potion.</p>
<p>He might need to fork out some money, but disaster could strike at any moment. He might not remain with the Iron and Blood Cross Order in the future. Converting his contribution into a tangible reward made sense.</p>
<p>Moreover, the items gained through such contributions were of lesser value compared to having a willing, living Witch’s assistance.</p>
<p>When the time came, with Conspirer Lumian, Demoness of Pleasure Franca, and Witch Jenna working together, they could form a formidable team even among official factions and the Inquisition. Combined with the appropriate mystical items, they could handle most Beyonders below the demigod level. Additionally, they had an unofficial member—Psychiatrist Anthony Reid.</p>
<p>Lumian believed that Gardner Martin likely had the necessary Witch potion ingredients. After all, the Iron and Blood Cross Order primarily followed the Hunter pathway, which was closely related to the Assassin pathway. Over the years, it was improbable that no convergence effect had occurred.</p>
<p>If needed, Lumian could also seek assistance from Mr. K and Madam Magician.</p>
<p>Jenna fell silent, unable to respond immediately.</p>
<p>Lumian chuckled again.</p>
<p>“It’s not a good thing to owe me. In addition to repaying the principal, you have to pay interest, which is helping me with certain tasks. Fortunately, you’ll soon have an opportunity to do so.”</p>
<p>Jenna pursed her lips and exhaled slowly.</p>
<p>“Alright, I’ll give you 10,000 verl d’or first, so I’ll only owe you 25,000.”</p>
<p>“No problem,” Lumian agreed indifferently.</p>
<p>Seeing that Jenna was about to say something, he chuckled and said, “No need to thank me…”</p>
<p>He then lowered his voice and feigned a feminine voice. “We’re friends, after all!”</p>
<p>“…” Jenna struggled to find the words. “Dammit!”</p>
<p>Lumian simply chuckled and said nothing.</p>
<p>Jenna, on the other hand, silently followed him across the street toward a few rental carriages parked there.</p>
<p>As they boarded the carriage, Jenna suddenly muttered to herself, “Thank you.”</p>
<p>Lumian appeared to be in his own world, occupying a seat in the carriage and disregarding his image.</p>
<hr />
<p>In the afternoon, at 11 Rue des Fontaines.</p>
<p>Lumian spotted Gardner Martin, dressed in a shirt and sweater.</p>
<p>Lumian got straight to the point, saying, “Boss, I wish to exchange my contributions for the Witch potion or all the corresponding ingredients.”</p>
<p>Gardner Martin, without displaying any surprise, looked at Lumian with a smile and inquired, “Who is the Witch potion for?”</p>
<p>Lumian replied candidly, “It’s for Jenna.”</p>
<p>Gardner Martin appeared to be listening and gestured for Lumian to continue.</p>
<p>Lumian said sincerely, “I’m looking for a reliable ally with considerable strength.”</p>
<p>At this point, he smiled. “Moreover, I want to experience genuine pleasure.”</p>
<p>Gardner Martin burst into laughter.</p>
<p>“Not bad. That’s what an ambitious Hunter should aim for.</p>
<p>“No problem. Come by tomorrow morning to collect the Beyonder characteristics and supplementary ingredients. Oh, and make up the difference with another 10,000 verl d’or.”</p>
<p>Gardner Martin understood that Lumian and Jenna had a close relationship with mutual trust. Furthermore, Lumian and Franca’s cooperation didn’t involve seeking pleasure.</p>
<p>Lumian responded with a smile, “Thank you, Commanding Officer.”</p>
<p>After leaving Rue des Fontaines and returning to Salle de Bal Brise, Lumian finally had some free time after a long day of activity.</p>
<p>In the evening, he enjoyed La Fée Verte while listening to Jenna, dressed as Showy Diva, singing passionately to earn money. His mind wandered.</p>
<p><em>How much can a local singer earn? It’s only a few thousand verl d’or a year…</em></p>
<p><em>It’s still better to fleece the Iron and Blood Cross Order and hunt heretics… When Jenna becomes a Witch, she’ll have the strength to participate in battles at this level…</em></p>
<p><em>Speaking of which, I didn’t think much of it when I read The Adventurer series in the past. Now that I think about it, doesn’t Gehrman Sparrow spend most of his time hunting pirates with Beyonder characteristics? How can he become a famous pirate or a great pirate without Beyonder characteristics?</em></p>
<p><em>Yes, although the corresponding battles are vague and exaggerated, only highlighting the main points, it’s obvious that the author has a certain understanding of Beyonder battles. Is Madam Fors Wall also a Beyonder?</em></p>
<p>Relaxing until nearly midnight, Lumian returned to Auberge du Coq Doré.</p>
<p>As soon as he pushed open Room 207’s door, he saw a square of letter on the table under the crimson moonlight.</p>
<p><em>Madam Magician’s letter…</em> Lumian lit the carbide lamp and unfolded the letter.</p>
<p>“Mr. Hanged Man hopes that you and the Two of Cups can summon the Armored Shadow again soon. He’ll be responsible for providing the gold.</p>
<p>“Let me know when you’ve confirmed the time.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
