<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch448.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-444-the-sinners-leader" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 444: The Sinners’ Leader</h2>
<p>The brown male calf’s front hooves delicately tapped the mismatch-sized mechanical typewriter, careful not to press any keys accidentally.</p>
<p>Lumian toyed with the gold coin of misfortune, patiently awaiting Bouvard’s full response.</p>
<p>Seizing the opportunity, he swiftly reviewed the operation in his mind.</p>
<p>From the start, he had no intention of acting personally. First, he wanted to try playing the role of a Conspirer. Second, he aimed to improve the performance and teamwork of the small team members.</p>
<p>Considering Bouvard Pont-Péro’s possessiveness, Lumian shifted his attention to Paulina. Through Anthony Reid’s repeated Psychological Cues, the woman’s accumulated resentment from the abuse had fermented, turning into a seed that would sprout once her restraints were removed.</p>
<p>To make Bouvard lower his guard, allowing his Danger Premonition to only trigger at the end, Lumian not only made Franca prepare against divination but also had his companion masquerade as Paulina, making the target believe subconsciously that the one tied up was the real Paulina.</p>
<p>Of course, she was the real deal. Before Bouvard cut the rope, Paulina didn’t hold any true grudge against him. Her sincere desire was to be rescued, an emotion that couldn’t be feigned. It was enough to convince Bouvard without setting off his Danger Premonition.</p>
<p>Jenna’s role was to launch an attack and provide suppression, preventing the target from observing the environment or contemplating details. This forced him to approach Paulina and escape from 20 Rue de la Terrasse with his precious belongings as quickly as possible. Additionally, they wanted the enemy to instinctively believe that the ambush centered around the master bedroom. The room where the actual Paulina was held was, therefore, relatively secure.</p>
<p>As Lumian had foreseen, Bouvard “sprinted” right into the trap.</p>
<p>Without focusing the conspiracy on Paulina, with Bouvard’s Danger Premonition, regardless of how convincing Franca’s performance was or how similar she looked to Paulina, he would have sensed it in advance and sent his imps to confirm it cautiously.</p>
<p><em>From this act, traps are the simplest and most direct conspiracy, while conspiracies are the deepening and escalation of traps…</em> Lumian sensed the potion’s minute digestion and sighed inwardly.</p>
<p>Simultaneously, in her invisible state, Franca sensed no impending or brewing danger as Bouvard’s hooves struck the keys. She gradually relaxed.</p>
<p>She couldn’t help but recall her conversation with the Sinners organization’s liaison while impersonating Paulina. Her face flushed red, and she felt intense embarrassment.</p>
<p><em>How embarrassing! How fucking embarrassing!</em></p>
<p>Finally, Bouvard completed his initial keyboard conversation.</p>
<p>Jenna ripped the paper filled with words from the mechanical typewriter and swiftly read it to Lumian and Franca.</p>
<p>“More than two months ago, the Sansons went somewhere and haven’t returned yet.</p>
<p>“I don’t know where that is. From what they said, it’s related to something important.</p>
<p>“Before this, Constace, the mistress of the Sansons, had already gone mad. To prevent her from taking drastic actions when out of control and attracting the attention of official Beyonders and affecting the other members of the organization, her husband, Voisin Sanson, along with their child, killed her and allowed her to return to the Lord’s kingdom.”</p>
<p><em>Purged due to madness? When did you get the impression that you weren’t mad? However, the extent of your madness isn’t serious. You’re at a stage where your perspectives are distorted and abnormal. You even know how to disguise yourself…</em> Lumian muttered silently after hearing that.</p>
<p>From his perspective, ever since establishing a connection with the entity known as Inevitability, those believers were no longer ordinary people. They had more or less been corrupted and had potential mental problems. At some point in time, they might completely lose their minds or collapse.</p>
<p>If Lumian didn’t possess Mr. Fool’s seal and had the Beyonder characteristics balancing things out, he would have been crazier and more terrifying than Constace, whom Bouvard had mentioned.</p>
<p>Jenna, who stood between him and Bouvard, couldn’t help but hiss. She felt that it was a good thing to be ruthless to heretics.</p>
<p>Those people had lost their normal emotions. They killed their wife or mother without hesitation!</p>
<p>If they could even do this to their loved ones, one could imagine how they would treat the people around them!</p>
<p>“Who were the ones who went to the unknown place you mentioned?” Lumian inquired.</p>
<p><em>Tap! Tap! Tap!</em> The calf began typing on the keyboard again.</p>
<p>This time, it was much more proficient than before. Its answers appeared character by character on the paper.</p>
<p>“Voisin Sanson is our leader. He received a revelation and led a few Fate Appropriators in Trier to that place.”</p>
<p>“Voisin Sanson is the leader of the Sinners organization?” Lumian asked in surprise.</p>
<p><em>According to I Know Someone, didn’t Voisin Sanson choose to join the Sinners organization because he was on the verge of bankruptcy and later successfully changed his luck and obtained the power of boons?</em></p>
<p><em>Tap! Tap! Tap!</em> A new answer was printed on the paper and read out by Jenna.</p>
<p>“He was the first to spread the faith of Inevitability in Trier. He obtained godhood nearly three years ago and became a Circle Inhabitant.</p>
<p>“He likes to disguise himself. In front of his collaborators, he pretends to only be a key member of the organization and not the founder.</p>
<p>“His wife and children were all brought into the mysticism world by him to become the bestowed of Inevitability. Apart from the deceased Roche, his wife and three other children are now Fate Appropriators. Of course, Constace has already been purged.”</p>
<p><em>A demigod—a Circle Inhabitant—actually interacted with Low- to Mid-Sequence Beyonders like Loki and I Know Someone. He’s truly sinister and cunning… I wonder if I Know Someone and the others noticed. If they didn’t, they’re truly living in their own world. They think the people around them are fools who can be exploited and squeezed dry of their value… Who’s the hunter and who’s the prey?</em> Lumian mocked the two key members of April Fool’s once again.</p>
<p>Simultaneously, he gained a deeper understanding of the Sinners organization.</p>
<p>The cult had been established with the Sansons as its core.</p>
<p>As for how Voisin Sanson had come into contact with the faith of Inevitability and obtained the boon of an evil god, that was another matter.</p>
<p>From the looks of it, his business had failed, and he was on the brink of bankruptcy. With no other choice, he had tried various things.</p>
<p>“Why didn’t Voisin Sanson let Guillaume Bénet know he was the leader of the Sinners?” Lumian attempted to confirm the details.</p>
<p>Guillaume Bénet was already a Sequence 5 Fate Appropriator, on par with the Sansons and other key members. He was significantly stronger than Bouvard Pont-Péro.</p>
<p>Once again, the calf satiated his desire to share information with his typewriter.</p>
<p>“His Excellency Voisin believed Guillaume Bénet was overly ambitious. If he’s involved in core matters, it will make him arrogant and do unnecessary things.”</p>
<p><em>To put it simply, Guillaume Bénet’s early conduct of the sacrificial ritual in Cordu had left Voisin dissatisfied. He believed that he had messed up the descent of the Inevitability Angel. However, due to the entity known as Inevitability not punishing the Fate Appropriator on the spot, he could only suppress his dissatisfaction and temporarily accept Guillaume Bénet before marginalizing him?</em> Lumian roughly grasped Voisin Sanson’s take on the matter from Bouvard’s response.</p>
<p>He pondered for a moment and changed the question.</p>
<p>“Has Voisin Sanson occasionally contacted you after visiting that place? What are you responsible for? Why do you think you need to be cautious and not make any mistakes?”</p>
<p>The calf’s proficiency with the mechanical typewriter increased once more.</p>
<p>“Before His Excellency Voisin departed, he informed me that he wouldn’t contact me for three months and would only return after the matter was concluded.</p>
<p>“Me and a few other members are responsible for managing different businesses and contacting different believers. We want them to focus on their prayers and businesses for the next three months and not cause any trouble. Likewise for the few of us.”</p>
<p><em>Does Inevitability’s oracle believe that the catastrophe will descend within three months? It’s been more than two months since Voisin Sanson and company vanished… In less than three weeks, the problem will definitely erupt? Time is of the essence…</em> Lumian inquired about the Sansons and the Sinners organization’s current situation, but it was evident that Bouvard Pont-Péro didn’t know much. He only knew about the matters under him.</p>
<p>Finally, Lumian pointed at the items he had retrieved from the other party’s pocket and asked, “What are these? What’s their purpose?”</p>
<p>The calf replied truthfully through the mechanical typewriter: “You were holding a gold coin of misfortune made using the Luck Transference Spell.</p>
<p>“I once encountered an extremely unlucky person and used the Luck Transference Spell to give him a new life. As a result, he became a believer of my lord. This gold coin of misfortune was the product of that help.”</p>
<p><em>Once…</em> Lumian frowned and said, “How long can the Luck Transference Spell of an Ascetic last?”</p>
<p>At the Alms Monk stage, he had relied on a ritual to transfer a target’s fate to a corresponding item. The effect could only last three days. Beyond this time limit, if he didn’t find another person to shoulder the fate, it would return to the original owner and couldn’t be transferred again.</p>
<p>After becoming a Contractee, Lumian hadn’t used the Luck Transference Spell again. He could only estimate that the duration would increase to somewhere in the vicinity of five to seven days based on the mystical knowledge he had obtained.</p>
<p>As he spoke, he focused on the 5 verl d’or gold coin in his hand and realized that it was entwined with blood-red—nearly black—luck. It tried to spread towards him but failed to do anything.</p>
<p><em>Ordinary misfortune can affect me, but extreme misfortune will affect the intertwined fates of Termiboros and me. Without the corresponding level, it can’t shake the main stream…</em> Lumian made a preliminary judgment.</p>
<p>The calf replied amidst the tapping: “Thirteen days is the limit of the Luck Transference Spell. If I want to raise it further, I can only rely on the abilities of a Fate Appropriator.</p>
<p>“In 13 days, if I don’t have an enemy I need to deal with, I’ll randomly choose a target and subject him to misfortune. Then, when his misfortune starts, I’ll promote the power of Inevitability and help him change his luck. I’ll obtain another gold coin of misfortune and a new believer.”</p>
<p><em>Dammit, a perpetual motion machine!</em> Franca, in her invisibility state, couldn’t help but criticize.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
