<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch462.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-458-same-direction" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 458: Same Direction</h2>
<p><em>Paint… Paintbrushes…</em> Jenna stared at the contents of the grayish-white cloth bag for a moment, momentarily stunned by the unexpected discovery.</p>
<p>She quickly recalled the Purifier’s advice and the recent clues they had gathered: Keep a close watch on painters and individuals with painting as a private hobby, as it was likely that some of their works possessed supernatural abilities!</p>
<p><em>Could this monk be a passionate painter?</em></p>
<p><em>Or was he simply delivering paint and brushes to an artist?</em></p>
<p><em>It seems like a routine task, but the fact that he had chosen the depths of Underground Trier for this errand raises suspicion. It didn’t appear to be a matter of time constraints…</em></p>
<p><em>Either there’s a problem with his destination, or the painter he’s looking for is problematic. Perhaps everything is problematic…</em></p>
<p>A barrage of thoughts raced through Jenna’s mind, leading her to suspect a connection between the mechanically enhanced monk and the Hostel they were investigating.</p>
<p>It was possible that an artist with supernatural powers was working on murals underground, requiring a substantial supply of paint and tools!</p>
<p>Jenna decided to search the monk’s robe for any clues, finding only a few coins and banknotes.</p>
<p>She placed these items in the same grayish-white cloth bag and secured it with a knot. As she examined the intricate mechanical components that comprised half of the monk’s body, she contemplated using the Demoness’s black flames to incapacitate him once more. Her plan was to transport him back to the surface for an “interrogation” with the help of Ciel, Franca, and Anthony.</p>
<p>Being a Witch, Jenna had mastered ritualistic magic related to spirit channeling, but she lacked practical experience and was concerned about making a mistake that might disrupt their lead. She also needed a safe prayer target, so she intended to leave this task to the experienced Lumian and Franca.</p>
<p>As Jenna was about to put her plan into action, multiple gears on the unconscious monk’s face suddenly began to turn on their own,</p>
<p>producing an unsettling clicking and clacking noise. The mechanical parts came to life,</p>
<p>spinning wildly and devouring the flesh and blood on the other side of the monk’s body, turning it into a gruesome mess.</p>
<p>The scene resembled a horrific accident in a factory where an operator had fallen into a massive machine.</p>
<p>Jenna’s instincts immediately warned her of impending danger, but before she could react, the mechanical parts, along with her own flesh and blood, lunged towards her.</p>
<p>Amidst the coexisting sounds of cracking and creaking, she transformed into a mirror, shattering inch by inch.</p>
<p>Jenna managed to reappear approximately ten meters away from the underground river.</p>
<p>Without looking back, she swiftly grabbed the grayish-white cloth bag and the Arrow of the Bloodthirsty embedded in her chest. She darted around the rock wall, making a hasty escape to the surface.</p>
<p>Behind her, the sounds of metal grinding and colliding persisted, but they couldn’t catch up to her. Gradually, the commotion began to subside.</p>
<p>Finally, Jenna heard the crisp sound of metal parts falling to the ground,</p>
<p>and she couldn’t help but let out a relieved sigh as she slowed her pace.</p>
<p>Jenna ran until she reached a named location in Underground Trier, where she finally slowed down and carefully removed the Arrow of the Bloodthirsty from her chest.</p>
<p>She could feel her strength waning due to the loss of blood, but she was grateful for her earlier caution in not removing the obsidian arrow from her chest when the monk had fainted. She had chosen to complete the search with it embedded in her.</p>
<p>If not for that, she might have been caught by the menacing mechanical body before having the opportunity to use the mystical item once more.</p>
<p>As Jenna assessed her surroundings and sought out the underground Avenue du Marché, she reflected on her harrowing experience. It felt as though the chilling tales Franca and Ciel had shared, along with their horrifying abilities, had become a reality.</p>
<p>The parts of the monk’s body that had undergone mechanical enhancements had assumed an eerie lifelike state!</p>
<p>And the revived machinery was devouring human flesh and blood!</p>
<p><em>This is the true nature of the mystical world, where Beyonder powers are accompanied by unimaginable perils… </em>Jenna turned onto the underground Avenue du Marché and made her way towards the stairs that would lead her back to the surface.</p>
<p>Simultaneously, she couldn’t shake the suspicion that the enigmatic monk and the sinister secret cave she and Franca had stumbled upon in the Deep Valley Quarry were somehow linked to the impending catastrophe.</p>
<hr />
<p>After the stone door closed, and the dark tunnel fell silent, Franca emerged from her hiding place and remained invisible as she returned to the surface.</p>
<p>She replayed the scene she had just witnessed, trying to pinpoint the source of the familiar feeling emanating from the ever-shifting thin white fog.</p>
<p>Just as she was on the verge of resorting to Magic Mirror Divination or Dream Divination to find answers, a memory resurfaced.</p>
<p>She recalled the moment she and Jenna had eliminated the Deep Valley Cloister’s Warlock-dressed man underground. A similar fog had appeared in the mirror during their spirit channeling!</p>
<p>The other party’s exploded corpse transformed into a blood mist, revealing the corresponding characteristics, but the colors were different!</p>
<p><em>007 had informed us that by the time the Purifiers arrived in Deep Valley Town, their target had already shifted. The items on the altar were gone, leaving behind only cryptic words on certain papers…</em></p>
<p><em>Those words were Albert Goncourt, Underground, Riot, and Time… Albert Goncourt is one of the leaders of the Carbonari… and this aligns with the three oil lamps I had seen moments ago! Could it be that the Iron and Blood Cross Order is collaborating with the Carbonari to incite a riot, possibly involving monks from the Deep Valley Cloister?</em></p>
<p><em>Hiss, could it be that the item Gardner Martin used to smuggle “Rat” Christo into Trier was requested by the Carbonari?</em></p>
<p><em>Is it located not far behind that stone door? Is that why my ancient silver mirror reacted?</em></p>
<p>Franca gradually connected the dots.</p>
<p>She realized the urgency of reporting this matter. Though it wasn’t directly related to their primary mission of finding the Hostel, it seemed far from a trivial issue. If it escalated, it could lead to another catastrophe, and Franca felt compelled to do her best to prevent it.</p>
<p>In the next moment, Franca pondered her options.</p>
<p><em>Should I report to the Tarot Club, the Demoness Sect, or inform the authorities through 007?</em></p>
<p>She quickly made up her mind.</p>
<p><em>Only children choose to do multiple-choice questions. Adults select them all!</em></p>
<p>The only thing to be concerned about was that the reports weren’t sent to the wrong parties.</p>
<hr />
<p>Lumian awoke from his dream, his mind filled with questions as he slowly sat up and surveyed his surroundings.</p>
<p>There were no signs of Madam Magician pursuing Gabriel at the Hostel.</p>
<p><em>Madam Magician didn’t realize that Gabriel had used a dream to warn me to escape Trier immediately? That’s impossible. This lady possessed the ability to enter and exit my dreams at will in Cordu, and she is known to be the bane of these special monsters. Even Bouvard’s lifeless body, which should have been untouchable, hadn’t been spared when she dragged it away…</em> Lumian paced back and forth in the room, pondering the puzzling situation.</p>
<p>He couldn’t believe that Madam Magician wasn’t paying attention. She had the means to observe from a distance, so there was no urgency in rushing to Salle de Bal Brise.</p>
<p>The insight he gained from Conspirer’s influence left Lumian with a nagging sense that the dream was not what it seemed.</p>
<p>To deceive Madam Magician while communicating with him indicated that there was something extraordinary about Gabriel or the Hostel itself!</p>
<p>As Lumian was only a Sequence 6 and lacked extensive knowledge of mysticism, he refrained from speculating and instead sat at his desk, taking up a pen and paper to write a letter.</p>
<p>Knowing the “doll” messenger’s preferences, he decided to send the letter only after returning to Auberge du Coq Doré, patiently awaiting a response.</p>
<p>Before long, Madam Magician’s reply arrived.</p>
<p>“I didn’t notice Gabriel influencing your dream.</p>
<p>“Initial considerations are:</p>
<p>“You have a close connection to the Hostel.”</p>
<p><em>There’s a close connection between me and the Hostel?</em> Lumian’s forehead twitched as he read the message, feeling as if a bucket of ice-cold water had been poured over his head.</p>
<p><em>How is that possible?</em></p>
<p><em>When did I establish such a bond with the Hostel?</em></p>
<p><em>Could it be that Gabriel used this connection to conceal himself from Madam Magician’s scrutiny and directly influence my dream?</em></p>
<p>Lumian found Madam Magician’s hypothesis absurd, but he couldn’t help but analyze the possibilities.</p>
<p>As Lumian pondered the situation, a sudden realization struck him like a bolt of lightning.</p>
<p>Maipú Meyer!</p>
<p>Susanna Mattise’s lover, the ostracized key member of the Bliss Society, the former manager of Théâtre de l’Ancienne Cage à Pigeons, who had claimed to be returning to the market district to do something!</p>
<p><em>Could it be that Maipú Meyer had secretly done something in the market district that led to my unexplained close connection with the Hostel?</em></p>
<p>He wants to prove himself. <em>I’m definitely one of the targets… Was it his plan for me to establish a close connection with the Hostel and detonate it at a critical moment?</em></p>
<p><em>How did he do it? I had a close connection to the Hostel without realizing it…</em> Lumian subconsciously glanced at his left chest and suspected that Termiboros, the traitor, might have played a role in this matter.</p>
<p>Otherwise, he wouldn’t have failed to notice anything amiss.</p>
<p>Amidst his surprise, Lumian didn’t panic. Instead, he felt a sense of joy.</p>
<p><em>I wonder if I can use my close connection to the Hostel to find that place…</em></p>
<p><em>When the time comes, I might have the opportunity to meet the Sansons and have the support of numerous Major Arcana card holders…</em></p>
<p>Just as Lumian was about to write and inquire about Madam Magician, he heard soft footsteps approaching his room.</p>
<p><em>Knock, knock, knock. </em>There was a gentle knock on the door of Room 207.</p>
<p>Lumian opened the door and was surprised to find Franca and Jenna standing there.</p>
<p>One of them wore a garish blouse, and the other was dressed as a female mercenary. Their expressions were serious.</p>
<p>Franca felt the need to communicate with Lumian before writing a report. “We’ve discovered something significant.”</p>
<p>You’ve found something important too? Lumian was taken aback, pointing at the ceiling.</p>
<p>“Call Anthony over as well.”</p>
<p>Nearly fifteen minutes later, Franca and Jenna shared their experiences in Room 207 of Auberge du Coq Doré, carefully omitting details about the Demoness Sect and Will.</p>
<p>As Lumian listened, his brow furrowed.</p>
<p><em>Some of the Deep Valley Cloister monks are suspected to be linked to the Hostel and the impending catastrophe?</em></p>
<p>That was an important cloister of the God of Steam and Machinery Church!</p>
<p>Lumian couldn’t help but rub his temples, recollecting that something unusual had also occurred at the Eternal Blazing Sun Church’s Sacred Heart Cloister.</p>
<p><em>Are the two Churches no longer as reliable?</em></p>
<p><em>Could Trier still be saved? Could there be a future?</em></p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
