<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch493.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-489-greed" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 489: Greed</h2>
<p>Despite the severe corruption of the Eye of Truth, its ability to hear the voices of a hidden entity at any moment, and the risk of encountering uncontrollable negative effects, Lumian trusted that Fourth Epoch Trier, with its potent seal isolating external influences, provided a safeguard. Even the boons of evil gods couldn’t trace back to their source, making it unlikely for him to hear the Hidden Sage’s ravings.</p>
<p>In this realm, there should be no adverse effects when using the Eye of Truth, especially within the mirror’s Fourth Epoch Trier.</p>
<p>However, Lumian acknowledged the potential presence of a fallen Angel from the Mystery Pryer pathway or remnants of corresponding divine power. Even with the Eye of Truth, there was a chance of hearing voices he shouldn’t. Consequently, Lumian didn’t plan to use it extensively. He intended to locate Mirror Gardner Martin and remove the mystical item when the opportunity presented itself.</p>
<p>Through the lens affixed to his eye, Lumian discerned nearly invisible spider silk swaying around Franca, subtly influencing male Jenna and the other Mirror People.</p>
<p>Similarly, male Franca had created a plethora of spider silks, utterly unaffected by the constraints of the term “Witch.”</p>
<p>Lumian also took note of the fine snake-like black hair covering the area. They manifested and disappeared, delicately caressing every living being they touched. Their origin seemed to be the black pillar extending into the sky.</p>
<p>Concurrently, Lumian’s left eye reflected Mirror Gardner Martin.</p>
<p>Concealed beside a grayish-white stone pillar, he seemed invisible.</p>
<p>Without hesitation, Lumian activated the black mark on his right shoulder, the fifth time since becoming an Ascetic.</p>
<p>With the Eye of Truth in place, he instantaneously vanished, reappearing behind Mirror Gardner.</p>
<p>The corners of Lumian’s mouth curled up as he swung his right fist at his exposed foe, who had just realized his concealment had been shattered and had no time to react.</p>
<p>His hands were encased in iron-black boxing gloves adorned with multiple short thorns.</p>
<p>Flog!</p>
<p>In the midst of Mirror Gardner’s attempt to lunge forward and transform into a burning-white spear, flying to the opposite side to distance himself, Lumian landed a punch behind his ear.</p>
<p>In a haste, Mirror Gardner could only duck, abruptly contorting as if he were boneless, attempting to somersault away.</p>
<p><em>Bang!</em></p>
<p>Lumian’s right fist connected with Mirror Gardner’s right shoulder.</p>
<p>The impact distorted the other’s shoulder, causing his body to stagger, nearly losing balance.</p>
<p>Mirror Gardner’s combat prowess proved formidable. Despite tumbling to the ground, he seized the opportunity to pivot.</p>
<p>He was unfazed by the potential of the white beams or being shot in the head; he still possessed Mirror Substitution!</p>
<p>Confronting Lumian, who lunged at him with blood still dripping from his iron-black boxing gloves, Mirror Gardner smiled, his eyes reflecting blatant greed.</p>
<p>This time, Lumian opted to trigger Greed!</p>
<p>In an instant, Mirror Gardner ignited with blazing-white flames, morphing into a spear charging at Lumian.</p>
<p>At this range, he doubted that Lumian could evade the impending attack.</p>
<p>Having committed to close combat, he had to bear the consequences—rendered unable to fully utilize Spirit World Traversal!</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t attempt to dodge, nor did he plan to. He swiftly adjusted his posture, watching as the blazing-white spear collided with his right chest.</p>
<p>His defense against flames was robust. The blazing-white spear took nearly two seconds to burn through his skin and flesh.</p>
<p>Yet, Lumian maintained a smile on his face. The pain only contorted his countenance, a testament to the resilience of an Ascetic.</p>
<p>Anthony Reid’s Placate had indeed restored Lumian’s composure, but the psychological issues brought to light lingered for the time being.</p>
<p>With two resounding bangs, Lumian seized the opportunity to deliver a left and right punch to the burning-white spear.</p>
<p>He exploited every chance to kindle Mirror Gardner’s desires and emotions.</p>
<p>Ultimately, the blazing-white spear pierced Lumian’s right chest, propelling him more than ten meters through the air.</p>
<p>Lumian’s smile retained a touch of frenzy. Adorned with a silver earring, he withdrew his right palm, pressed against the grievous wound on his chest, and slid downward.</p>
<p>The injury swiftly spread to his abdomen, and almost-white crimson flames erupted from Lumian’s palm, consuming his mangled flesh.</p>
<p>He willingly accepted increased risk in the future to mitigate the impact of his injuries.</p>
<p>With that, his figure melded into the void.</p>
<p>Just as Mirror Gardner emerged from the dissipating blazing-white flaming spear, Lumian materialized behind him.</p>
<p><em>Bang! Bang!</em></p>
<p>Lumian swung his fists again, targeting Mirror Gardner’s arms, denying him a chance to catch his breath.</p>
<p>He opted not to strike vital points, fearing that excessive damage might trigger Mirror Substitution.</p>
<p>As Mirror Gardner transformed into a blazing-white spear to assail Lumian, female Lumian, intending to “teleport” over to assist, stood stunned, as if temporarily losing autonomy.</p>
<p>Likewise, both male Franca and male Jenna exhibited similar reactions, as if their resemblance to real people had momentarily waned.</p>
<p>Franca and Jenna, in dire straits, seized the opportunity to catch their breath.</p>
<p>Although they didn’t immediately comprehend the reason, they keenly sensed that Mirror Gardner held the key to the problem.</p>
<p>Lumian’s assault on the leader had brought about such a change!</p>
<p>Franca, relying on her experience, swiftly instructed Jenna, “Give me that… Cough! Arrow!”</p>
<p>She needed the potent self-healing abilities of the Arrow of the Bloodthirsty to withstand the infectious disease and recuperate to a relatively healthy state within a specific timeframe. Franca aimed to delay female Lumian and the other Mirror People, creating an optimal environment for Lumian to confront Mirror Gardner solo.</p>
<p>Her only hope rested on Lumian catalyzing positive changes before the infection and illness exacerbated, outpacing the effectiveness of her self-healing abilities.</p>
<p>Jenna had intended to use the Arrow of the Bloodthirsty herself. Despite having used it twice already—with another use risking a collapse of her body—she was willing to disregard the consequences in the current dire situation.</p>
<p>However, upon hearing Franca’s request, she hesitated momentarily before tossing the obsidian arrow to Franca.</p>
<p>From Jenna’s perspective, Franca, a Sequence 6 Demoness of Pleasure armed with numerous mystical items, possessed significantly more strength than herself. Thus, Franca’s temporary recovery held greater benefit for the ongoing battle.</p>
<p>Franca caught the Arrow of the Bloodthirsty and plunged it into her chest.</p>
<p>Observing that female Lumian and the other Mirror People had regained their composure, becoming lively once again,</p>
<p>Franca’s lake-blue eyes silently transformed to a fiery red. The rubber band securing her ponytail snapped as if corroded, allowing her flaxen-colored hair to billow in the air, enhancing her enchanting allure.</p>
<p>Her increasingly frequent coughs momentarily subsided, and the invisible “spider silk” surrounding her ceased its gradual, silent encroachment on male Franca, male Jenna, and female Lumian, no longer tightening and ensnaring them layer by layer.</p>
<p>Like mirror images, Franca and Jenna felt their bodies grow heavy, their limbs constricted.</p>
<p>From the outset, male Franca had been covertly using spider silk. Only when there was no way to further ensnare them layer by layer in secret did he reveal it.</p>
<p>In an instant, Franca and the others were immobilized. Female Lumian, who had just teleported over, was the least affected by the spider silk and was skilled in using flames. She swiftly activated Spirit World Traversal in a crimson light, heading towards Lumian and Mirror Gardner’s battlefield.</p>
<p>Taking advantage of the momentary pause in female Anthony’s actions, Anthony could finally counterattack.</p>
<p>Enduring the terrifying cough, dizziness, and fever, he raised the revolver purchased from the black market and pulled the trigger at the Mirror Person, clearly more charming than him.</p>
<p>At that moment, no one interrupted their “internecine attacks.”</p>
<p>Amidst the gunshots, female Anthony shattered into numerous fragments.</p>
<p>Upon reappearing nearby, she didn’t immediately rush to rescue Mirror Gardner. Instead, she continued pursuing Anthony amidst her soaring desire for achievement.</p>
<p>Amidst the sounds of flesh colliding, Lumian landed multiple punches on Mirror Gardner, sending waves of pain through the powerful Beyonder’s head and stoking his anger.</p>
<p>His greed made him reluctant to abandon the other four Mirror People and the advantage his side enjoyed on other battlefields. However, if he didn’t give up, he wouldn’t be able to focus on dealing with Lumian. He found himself restricted in every way and faced a disadvantaged situation.</p>
<p>This was why Lumian had chosen to trigger his Greed!</p>
<p><em>Bang!</em></p>
<p>Lumian tightened his fists, delivering a powerful blow to Mirror Gardner.</p>
<p>Mirror Gardner crashed to the ground, instinctively summoning a swarm of crimson, almost white fireballs for protection.</p>
<p>This caught female Lumian off guard as she had just teleported over.</p>
<p>Unfazed by the nearly-white crimson fireballs, Lumian swiftly teleported toward Mirror Gardner.</p>
<p>The safest spot was, of course, where the caster stood!</p>
<p>Amidst the explosive chaos, Lumian gritted his teeth against the searing pain in his back and landed another punch on Mirror Gardner’s face.</p>
<p>The short thorns on the iron-black boxing gloves pierced through skin and flesh.</p>
<p>Suddenly, Mirror Gardner Martin’s gaze froze, blood streaming from his eyes, nose, and other wounds.</p>
<p>The intense greed within him erupted, not killing or knocking him out but weakening and disorienting him.</p>
<p>In this dazed state, whether it was female Lumian, male Franca, male Jenna, or female Anthony, they all froze in place. Their bodies rapidly faded, growing more translucent until they vanished.</p>
<p>Witnessing the scene, Lumian straightened up, removing the Flog boxing gloves. He tossed them to Franca and Jenna, ensuring each had one.</p>
<p>Franca noticed the residual blood and grasped Lumian’s intent immediately.</p>
<p>Dipping her hand into the blood, she retrieved a mirror, ready to cast a curse.</p>
<p>Lumian had three reasons for opting for the Flog boxing gloves:</p>
<p>Firstly, the ability to stir desires wouldn’t trigger Mirror Substitution. Secondly, as a mystical item, it could attract the attention of dangerous entities, causing unpredictable changes that might lead to opportunities amid the chaos.</p>
<p>Thirdly, it provided a chance to “collect” a curse’s medium—the target’s blood!</p>
<p>Even if his triggered greed couldn’t be controlled, leading to Mirror Gardner’s Mirror Substitution, Lumian planned to seize the moment when the other Mirror People were temporarily affected. He would throw the Flog boxing gloves to Franca and Jenna, aiding them in intercepting the attacks.</p>
<p>Repeatedly cursing with the possession of the blood, Lumian aimed to challenge how many times Mirror Substitution could be used and find an opportunity to sever the connection.</p>
<p>Flames erupted around Lumian as he transformed into a fireball, distancing himself from Mirror Gardner.</p>
<p>Just as he was about to remove the Eye of Truth, a peculiar sound caught his attention.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
