<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch498.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-494-stolen-information" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 494: “Stolen” Information</h2>
<p>The looming dark clouds over Trier had vanished, replaced by the glow of the crimson moonlight that bathed every nook and cranny of the city, casting reflections in the calf-deep puddles below.</p>
<p>On the rooftop of an unknown building, Lumian and Franca materialized at the edge. Before them, Magician hovered in the void, accompanied by a stack of items. Jenna and Anthony, encased in what seemed like dark glass, fixated their gazes elsewhere.</p>
<p>Without prompting from Lumian, Magician let out a weary sigh and divulged, “Medici has ascended once again to King of Angels. Once hailed as the most formidable Conspirer, He has returned.”</p>
<p>“The Red Angel who once served the Ancient Sun God and met His demise at the hands of the Blood Emperor, Medici?” Lumian’s reaction was a mix of surprise and inevitability.</p>
<p>How could the Angel of the Hunter pathway not be entangled in the affairs of the Sauron family’s secrets and Fourth Epoch Trier?</p>
<p>The existence of Albus Medici was irrefutable proof!</p>
<p>Lumian, previously under the impression that the clandestine nature of the Hostel ritual and its premature commencement had prevented the Red Angel from exacting influence, now realized Medici was apparently the ultimate victor.</p>
<p>Madam Magician, in a relatively composed manner, chuckled and remarked, “No need for the latter half of that statement. It makes it sound like you’re provoking Him, especially with the Blood Emperor’s aura mark still imprinted on your right hand.”</p>
<p>Franca, having heard Lumian’s mention of the Medici family, inquired out of curiosity, “What did the Red Angel do?”</p>
<p>As she spoke, her eyes flitted towards Jenna and Anthony, only to realize they were oblivious to the conversation with Madam Magician, as if trapped in another dimension.</p>
<p>Behind Franca, the water that had pooled on the rooftop began its gradual retreat, the drain’s sloshing sounds echoing.</p>
<p>Magician sighed.</p>
<p>“When the Einhorn family’s Angel, the powerhouses of the Iron and Blood Cross Order, and the Sealed Artifacts, along with the unique powers of the Fourth Epoch Trier, were on the brink of killing the out-of-control Vermonda Sauron, He seized the moment to terminate the entire battle and acquire the Sequence 1 Beyonder characteristic.</p>
<p>“The blood-colored sky and the fiery rain you witnessed were the aftermath of His return as a King of Angels in Fourth Epoch Trier.”</p>
<p><em>That explains it…</em> Lumian, recalling the situation, gained a firsthand understanding of the dread and power wielded by a King of Angels.</p>
<p>At that moment, his feet were bare, lacking shoes and socks—the consequence of being transported to the painted world while asleep. The painted footwear he later wore was evidently short-lived.</p>
<p>Pondering the recent events, he inquired, “Was that roaring giant the out-of-control Vermonda Sauron?”</p>
<p>No wonder the roar had nearly rendered them unconscious. Thankfully, Mr. Fool’s gray fog had provided protection.</p>
<p>“That’s correct. Vermonda Sauron’s loss of control and descent into the sealed underground marked the beginning of the Sauron family’s downfall. While many details remain shrouded in mystery, the overall picture is becoming clearer.”</p>
<p><em>Angel of the Einhorn family…</em> Lumian connected the dots, realizing that one of Elros Einhorn and the Iron and Blood Cross Order’s primary objectives was to break the seal, hunt the out-of-control Vermonda Sauron, and obtain the Sequence 1 Beyonder characteristic. Lumian nodded thoughtfully and asked with uncertainty, “Did these powerhouses enter Fourth Epoch Trier through the Hostel ritual?”</p>
<p>“Most of them accessed it through the underground leakage of Salle de Bal Brise triggered by the Hostel ritual. The representative from the Einhorn family entered through the leakage deep within the underground palace of Red Swan Castle, but it’s essentially a result of the chain reaction caused by the Hostel ritual. As for how the Red Angel entered, that remains unknown to me.” Magician’s expression turned serious. “However, there’s reason to believe that the Hostel ritual was orchestrated by the Red Angel. He manipulated the Iron and Blood Cross Order and Gardner Martin. Truly befitting the entity that once guided and watched over Amon.”</p>
<p>Lumian felt a surge of enlightenment, finding that many previously confusing details now made more sense.</p>
<p>Franca’s emotions were a mix of complexity.</p>
<p>Madam Magician, glancing at them, offered consolation, “Regardless of the circumstances, our actions accelerated the Hostel ritual, mitigating the damage this plan inflicted on Trier. In the entire market district, only a handful of night duty personnel from places like Le Marché du Quartier du Gentleman and Rist Docks bore the brunt of the disaster. Some soldiers lost their lives in other areas. Overall, the impact was mainly financial. Our efforts were not in vain.”</p>
<p>She smiled self-deprecatingly and gazed up at the sky.</p>
<p>“The only unexpected thing was that They chose to cooperate.”</p>
<p><em>They…</em> Lumian and Franca thought inwardly.</p>
<p>Eager to uncover who the Red Angel collaborated with, they realized that Madam Magician had no intention of revealing that information.</p>
<p>The lady’s eyes traveled over the silver-white full-body armor, Gardner Martin’s remains, and the items Jenna had discarded during the battle. She smiled and offered, “I’ll assist you in handling the corresponding corruption and throw in specific usage information as a bonus for this mission.</p>
<p>“By the way, I recommend you temporarily overlook the corruption on the bone flute. It can produce peculiar effects. With Gardner Martin’s Beyonder characteristics, you don’t necessarily need Philip’s. Plus, your unique attributes can effectively counteract the negative effects of the bone flute.”</p>
<p>The last sentence was directed at Lumian.</p>
<p>Observing Lumian’s nod, Magician continued, “This wooden box serves as an under-the-table transaction. It’s not meant for combat, but it can resolve many issues that violence can’t under specific circumstances. I’ll jot down the details and have the messenger send them over.</p>
<p>“The mirror fragments left behind by Mirror Gardner are closely tied to the special mirror world in Fourth Epoch Trier. My intuition suggests it might be linked to the current state of the Primordial Demoness.</p>
<p>“As for this armor, it’s quite special. Wearing it will lead to some fortuitous encounters. Heh heh, ever thought of transforming into a beautiful woman or a handsome lad four to five meters tall?”</p>
<p>After playfully providing basic information about the various items, Magician nodded slightly and added, “Once I’m done, I’ll send them back along with the information, and you’ll receive an official reward.</p>
<p>“Seven of Wands, it’s time for you to leave Trier for a while. The Iron and Blood Cross Order’s mission has concluded. Your only task is to inform that mister. I’m confident he’ll comprehend and accept it.”</p>
<p>Recalling his involvement in two consecutive catastrophes in Trier, Lumian concisely acknowledged and stated, “I share the same sentiment. I intend to track down the remaining April Fool’s members.”</p>
<p>Magician shifted her attention to Franca.</p>
<p>“Your next steps will hinge on the Demoness Sect’s reaction. Remember to report to your Major Arcana card holder when the time comes.”</p>
<p>After Franca acknowledged, Magician glanced at Anthony and Jenna.</p>
<p>“When the aftershocks settle, inquire if they’d like to draw a Minor Arcana card and join the Tarot Club. If they decline, don’t push it. I’ll ensure they keep it a secret.”</p>
<p>Franca asked cheerfully, “Will they become Minor Arcana card holders under you?”</p>
<p>Magician smiled.</p>
<p>“Not necessarily. It’s a matter of fate.”</p>
<p>Addressing Lumian, she advised, “No need to rush your departure. You can lay low for a few days. Head back to Auberge du Coq Doré for now. I sense a fortuitous encounter of fate awaits you there.”</p>
<p><em>Fortuitous encounter of fate?</em> Lumian was puzzled, but it was evident that Madam Magician had no intention of providing specifics. Perhaps she had glimpsed something but not the full details.</p>
<p>In the next moment, Madam Magician and the objects around her dissolved into starlight and disappeared.</p>
<p>“How surreal…” Franca remarked genuinely.</p>
<p>Turning to Lumian with a pensive expression, she mused, “Do you think Madam Magician might be the Angel of Stars from the Church’s Bible?”</p>
<p>“No way…” Lumian instinctively responded before sinking into contemplation.</p>
<hr />
<p>Rue Anarchie, Auberge du Coq Doré.</p>
<p>As Lumian ascended to the second floor, he noticed a figure crouched outside his door.</p>
<p>It was a chubby, earnest-looking seven- or eight-year-old boy, toting a dark-red school bag.</p>
<p><em>Ludwig? Baron Brignais’s monstrous adopted son?</em> Lumian furrowed his brows and approached.</p>
<p>“What’s the matter?”</p>
<p>Ludwig, with his yellow hair and brown eyes, stood up and implored, “Can you help me leave Trier? I don’t want to stay in the Church of Knowledge any longer. I don’t want to be under Brignais’s control. I don’t want to deal with homework or tests. I can reward you!”</p>
<p>“Reward?” Lumian arched an eyebrow.</p>
<p><em>Could this be the fortuitous encounter of fate Madam Magician mentioned?</em></p>
<p>Ludwig vigorously nodded.</p>
<p>“Yes.”</p>
<p>Without hesitation, he unzipped the dark-red hard school bag, revealing a stack of papers.</p>
<p>“I stole this from the Church of Knowledge. No, I brought it here.”</p>
<p>Lumian extended his hand, accepting the papers, and quickly scanned the front page.</p>
<p>“Number: 01.”</p>
<p>“Name: Deity’s Fallen Banner, Salinger’s Blood Banner.”</p>
<p>“Danger Grade: 0. Extremely Dangerous. It’s of the highest importance and of the highest confidentiality. It is not to be inquired, disseminated, described, or spied.”</p>
<p><em>Information on Grade 0 Sealed Artifacts? And it’s 0-01!</em> Lumian’s forehead and eyelids twitched simultaneously.</p>
<p>He was aware that the Churches had sealed numerous mystical items with significant harmful and negative effects, categorized into four grades. “3” was the lowest, and “0” was the highest. A “1” often indicated a threat to Saints and the potential for a catastrophic event. The implications of “0” were evident.</p>
<p>Lumian’s gaze shot up to Ludwig, realizing that the boy’s face betrayed nothing out of the ordinary, only pleading.</p>
<p>He lowered his head, swiftly absorbing the rest of the content.</p>
<p>“Security Clearance: Only messengers of God.”</p>
<p>“Sealed Method: Place it in an underground mausoleum with a large number of soldier mannequins. Construct a cemetery with more than a million corpses above it, supplemented by a real city with a population of more than 100,000. The exact execution and ritual arrangements are…”</p>
<p>“Description: This is a charred banner. The flagpole is iron-black metal, and there are a large number of dangerous blood spots on the banner.</p>
<p>“…Beyonders with strength surpassing Sequence 5 are forbidden from approaching. Warning, Beyonders with strength surpassing Sequence 5 are forbidden from approaching!</p>
<p>“…The experimentalist responsible for changing the soldier mannequins must be blindfolded and carry a lantern… If the lantern is extinguished, the experimentalist will vanish. Everyone who knows him will believe that he’s long dead… If he’s not blindfolded, the one who leaves the mausoleum will be a monster resembling him…</p>
<p>“…The City of Exiles, Morora, on the surface often encounters extreme weather, including but not limited to hurricanes, torrential rain, earthquakes, and volcanic eruptions…</p>
<p>“…There were originally no volcanoes around Morora…</p>
<p>“…The inhabitants of Morora are unusually belligerent. There are numerous duels with fatal casualties every day, and protests and riots occur more than six times a year…</p>
<p>“…The residents of Morora have no intention of leaving this city. At any moment…”</p>
<p>“…According to ancient texts, it has witnessed the demise of at least two true gods…”</p>
<p><em>Dammit, can I even read this?</em> The more Lumian read, the more alarmed he became.</p>
<p>He looked at Ludwig in bewilderment and questioned once more, “Did you really steal it?”</p>
<p><em>Could information of this gravity be stolen so easily?</em></p>
<p>Ludwig, looking like a child, wanted to retort, but he nodded sincerely.</p>
<p>“Yes.”</p>
<p>Frowning at the boy, Lumian fell into a profound silence.</p>
<p>(End of Volume 3: Conspirer)</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
