<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch490.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-486-the-mirror-peoples-conspiracy" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 486: The Mirror People’s Conspiracy</h2>
<p>As the blazing-white Fire Ravens erupted from behind the black pillar, Lumian’s reflexes kicked in.</p>
<p>While Franca, engrossed in deciphering the cause of Anthony’s ailment, Lumian seemingly engaged in the discussion. Yet, beneath the facade, he—a Hunter—maintained a vigilant stance, keenly aware of his surroundings.</p>
<p>In this dangerous and ominous setting, he couldn’t afford to focus solely on conversation.</p>
<p>Lumian thrust his palms towards the oncoming blazing-white Fire Ravens. In a swift motion, a colossal crimson fireball materialized, hastily intercepting the impending assault.</p>
<p>However, before it could reach its target, the unstable structure caused it to detonate.</p>
<p>Amidst the explosive chaos, a shockwave, laced with flames, surged forward and sideways, engulfing nearly all the blazing-white Fire Ravens like a torrent.</p>
<p>Confronting the fiery wave head-on, the Fire Ravens staggered, losing stability in the storm. They prematurely blossomed, transforming into a dazzling display of fireworks.</p>
<p>The Fire Ravens circling from the side were also affected by the explosive waves, deviating from their intended trajectories or being partially extinguished.</p>
<p>Hunters, particularly those at higher Sequences like Pyromaniac and Conspirer, proved unparalleled in defending against the swarm attacks of Fire Ravens.</p>
<p>Thanks to this interference, Franca and Jenna, both Assassins, along with the Psychiatrist, Anthony Reid, effortlessly dodged the tracking-capable, blazing-white Fire Ravens. They observed as these dangerous projectiles landed on the ground, setting off fiery eruptions.</p>
<p>In the blink of an eye, Franca vanished, and Jenna swiftly moved toward the nearest grayish-white stone pillar. She scattered fluorescent powder and chanted the Invisibility incantation in Hermes.</p>
<p>Anthony, seemingly back in the fray, rolled and sprinted, encircling another relatively intact grayish-white stone pillar in an attempt to find cover.</p>
<p>Lumian maintained his position, hands poised to push forward. His golden-black hair swirled in the ordinary “gust of wind” that followed the massive fireball’s explosion.</p>
<p>Looking at Gardner Martin, unusually tall and face marked with bloodstains, Lumian taunted, “Is this your way of greeting? Sending a swarm of Fire Ravens to welcome us? Hey, what’s with the change in appearance and the missing armor? Are you the mirror’s Gardner Martin?”</p>
<p>Gardner Martin, donned in a black formal suit and yellow vest, ceased his attack. Instead, he paused and sneered, “Sooner or later, I’ll become the real Gardner Martin.”</p>
<p>Observing the situation, Lumian didn’t rush to “teleport” behind Gardner Martin. He chuckled and remarked, “So, you’re admitting to being a counterfeit?”</p>
<p>His aim was to provoke and incite the other party, unraveling the motives of these Mirror People.</p>
<p>Surely, their purpose wasn’t merely to replace genuine forms and return to the real world for a serene life.</p>
<p>It had to be one of the objectives, but not the sole or primary one. The actions of a Mirror Person were too intricate for such a straightforward motive.</p>
<p>Mirror Gardner Martin scanned Lumian’s surroundings, as if seeking the invisible Franca and Jenna.</p>
<p>In response to Lumian’s mockery, he sneered and stated, “Counterfeit? We, the counterfeits, might be the only ones to secure victory and survive.</p>
<p>“Look at the Fourth Epoch Trier, destroyed and reduced to ruins. Yet, it persists within the mirror. All its citizens remain alive.”</p>
<p><em>You call that living?</em> Lumian Lumian refrained from interrupting the Mirror Gardner’s resentful narrative.</p>
<p>The formidable Beyonder with a peculiar form chuckled.</p>
<p>“Counterfeit? Countless members of the Iron and Blood Cross Order you usually encounter are already on our side. They’ve emerged from the mirror, spawned since the unexpected seal incident decades ago and the ensuing power leak. We’ve been covertly engaging in similar activities.</p>
<p>“Otherwise, how would Gardner Martin, Tony Twain, and Diest have known about Vermonda Sauron’s underground entrance into the seal? How would they have recognized it as a Sequence 1 Conqueror Beyonder characteristic? How could they have been so focused on exploring the underground and inadvertently influenced?”</p>
<p>“…” Lumian was taken aback.</p>
<p><em>So, this involves the plans of your Mirror People?</em></p>
<p><em>Damn it, how many factions are entangled in this, and how many conspiracies are woven together?</em></p>
<p>While Gardner’s words in the mirror shed light on the murky situation, making many details more plausible, Lumian still found it absurd.</p>
<p><em>Aren’t there too many factions and conspiracies? And behind these conspiracies, even more conspiracies, as intricate as spiderwebs!</em></p>
<p>Mirror Gardner’s expression returned to normal as he smiled and said,</p>
<p>“Ever wonder how the Iron and Blood Cross Order discovered the black figurine? How did they realize they could exploit the uniqueness of this mirror world to bypass the seal?</p>
<p>“Do you dare to keep carrying that figurine? It holds no practical value for you. Why not hand it over to me, and I’ll let you leave this mirror world?</p>
<p>“Don’t worry; you’re not Gardner Martin. I can’t replace you. I harbor no insurmountable malice towards you.”</p>
<p><em>So, were the Fire Ravens from earlier merely a greeting?</em> Lumian laughed and inquired, “Essentially, that figurine holds great value for you? What do you people intend to do with it?”</p>
<p>Lumian suspected that the Iron and Blood Cross Order’s discovery or acquisition of the black Primordial Demoness figurine was orchestrated by these Mirror People. Their plan was undoubtedly intricate.</p>
<p>Mirror Gardner’s lips curled as he replied, “Did you think I’d tell you?”</p>
<p>“Whom do you people serve?” Lumian interjected.</p>
<p>As the Mirror Gardner’s mouth opened, his expression suddenly darkened, and his eyes brimmed with hatred.</p>
<p>“That’s all the answers!”</p>
<p>Observing the Mirror Gardner’s sudden shift, Lumian had a profound realization that these Mirror People could maintain normalcy most of the time and seamlessly replace the originals. However, when certain matters arose, they couldn’t suppress their monstrous side.</p>
<p>Mirror Gardner seemed poised to convince Lumian and the others to surrender the black Primordial Demoness figurine when a figure materialized behind him.</p>
<p>Franca, lacking an Assassin suit, revealed a Hidden Blade from her left wrist. Enveloped in black flames, she thrust it into Mirror Gardner’s back, causing the blood-stained figure to shatter like a mirror.</p>
<p>He reappeared on the other side of the black pillar, on the fringe of the collapsed area, wearing a sinister smile. He declared, “You’re stalling for time and completing preparations. Me too!”</p>
<p>As he finished speaking, a man emerged from the debris of a crumbled grayish-white stone pillar outside the collapsed area, dripping with magma.</p>
<p>His face bore bloodstains too, and his short flaxen-colored hair, along with slightly thick brown eyebrows, framed aqua-blue eyes and thin lips. Despite his unremarkable appearance, he uncannily resembled Franca.</p>
<p>Witnessing this figure, a phrase flashed through Franca’s mind: <em>“It’s over…”</em></p>
<p>It was her past self, her former identity as a man!</p>
<p>Ever since Franca began suspecting that this area represented the mirror’s Fourth Epoch Trier, she harbored concerns that her past self would surface, exposing his true identity to Jenna. Now, her fears materialized.</p>
<p><em>It’s over. Social death…</em> Franca’s mind raced as a woman emerged from behind another intact grayish-white stone pillar.</p>
<p>Adorned in a white shirt, a black vest, and dark pants, her pure black hair cascading over her shoulders, she exuded an imposing beauty. Despite her deep and delicate facial features, her blue eyes betrayed a sense of mockery.</p>
<p><em>Uh, t-this is eerily similar to Ciel… The mirror version of him is a woman?</em> Franca swiftly scanned her surroundings, concealing herself again.</p>
<p>Behind different grayish-white stone pillars, two more figures emerged. One donned mercenary attire, with handsomely styled flaxen-colored hair, reminiscent of Jenna. The other wore military-green tops and bottoms, exuding a mature charm with a slightly plump figure. Beautiful with eyes as deep as an ancient forest pond.</p>
<p><em>Dammit! A male version of Jenna and a female version of Anthony! Anthony looks even more handsome and charming! This is different from the mirror world outside!</em> Franca felt puzzled yet relieved.</p>
<p>This could provide a plausible explanation for “his” former appearance to resurface!</p>
<p>Lumian, equally perplexed by his mirror counterpart having a different gender, and the others weren’t experiencing the same thing as Franca. Even if the mirror reflected their past selves, it shouldn’t manifest like this.</p>
<p>If this was a fusion of a Demoness’s mirror world, the stacking of feminization, and one’s past, Jenna should be a woman, no matter what!</p>
<p>As Lumian’s thoughts raced, he considered the Hunter pathway’s ability to transform women into men, which was adjacent to the Demoness pathway.</p>
<p><em>Could it be that this mirror world is influenced by the Blood Emperor’s corpse or residual divine power? Is it akin to Mr. Fool and the Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings—a power controlling these two pathways leaked, forming a unique mirror world that causes an overall reversal?</em> Lumian didn’t delve too deeply into it, as Mirror Gardner and his four helpers attacked.</p>
<p>The “Mirror Person” in a black formal suit and yellow vest didn’t conceal his hatred, excitement, and desire.</p>
<hr />
<p>In the wilderness, the entire ground seemed to sink two to three meters.</p>
<p>Diest’s massive iron soldiers and yellowish-skinned giant entourage stood at the edge of the hurricane. Occasionally, one of them would self-destruct, reducing to fragments.</p>
<p>Despite the wary standoff between the president of the Iron and Blood Cross Order and Snarner Einhorn, They directed Their attention to the mildly intelligent monster that appeared to have lost control and was more challenging to deal with.</p>
<p>In the intense battle, They managed to restrain or knock Vermonda Sauron to the ground two or three times, but They themselves were also affected, in a dire state that hindered Them from seizing the opportunity.</p>
<p>In the current moment, They found themselves temporarily disabled.</p>
<p>Suddenly, a surge of knowledge materialized into a beautiful woman wearing a brown captain’s coat, with long chestnut hair and eyes resembling the blue sea.</p>
<p>Snarner, Diest, and the others’ hearts tightened, fearing that the newcomer would take the initiative and ultimately claim the Conqueror Beyonder characteristic.</p>
<p>They all recognized the woman:</p>
<p>The eldest daughter of the deceased Emperor Roselle, Bernadette Gustav!</p>
<p>She, too, was an Angel!</p>
<p>Holding a pale-golden lamp, Bernadette observed the Angels’ battle without direct involvement. Transforming into a torrent of knowledge once again, she surged towards the gray fog-shrouded Fourth Epoch Trier.</p>
<p>It was as if She had casually glanced at them while passing by.</p>
<p>“…” Snarner and Diest were initially taken aback by Her actions, but They swiftly regained Their composure and resumed their battle.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
