<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch503.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-498-suspicious-attitude" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 498: Suspicious Attitude</h2>
<p>Lugano Toscano, a burly man with brown hair, brown eyes, and sharp features, donned a budget-friendly black formal suit. He lowered his head as he navigated through the lively crowd, his top hat shading his face.</p>
<p>After a series of turns, the Beyonder, now a Sequence 8 Doctor, entered Rue des Pavés beside Le Marché du Quartier du Gentleman. He ascended a creaking wooden staircase to the top floor of an ancient house.</p>
<p>Upon waking that day, before having breakfast, his companion informed him of being wanted—due to his role as Ciel Dubois’s trusted subordinate managing a dance hall.</p>
<p>Despite Lugano’s confusion about the Savoie Mob’s motives and his certainty of non-involvement, as a wild Beyonder, merely existing rendered him guilty. Reluctant to seek clarification from the Purifiers and Machinery Hivemind, he packed his bags and moved to the safe house without notifying his companions. His plan was to observe for a few more days before deciding on his next move.</p>
<p>During the factories’ lunch break, making the market district bustling, Lugano descended and surveyed the area. True to his expectations, he discovered he was indeed wanted, with a bounty of 2,000 verl d’or.</p>
<p>Considering his perceived lack of importance, Lugano hoped to fade from the official Beyonders’ attention in due time.</p>
<p>Entering the room, not much larger than an attic, Lugano used a brass key to open the dark-brown wooden door.</p>
<p>Amidst the creaks, a figure caught the Doctor’s eye.</p>
<p>Seated at a simple wooden table, Ciel Dubois displayed golden-black hair, a silver earring, a white shirt, a dark jacket, grayish-blue pants, and leather shoes.</p>
<p><em>How did he find this place? Besides me and the landlord residing in another quartier, no one knows about this safe house! Officially put to use for the first time today!</em> Lugano’s pupils dilated, as if he wanted to scrutinize the figure in the dim room.</p>
<p>At some point, the open curtains had been drawn.</p>
<p>Lumian grinned at Lugano and remarked, “Why? Am I not welcomed?”</p>
<p>Lugano instinctively forced a smile, replying, “It’s an honor to have you here. I just didn’t expect you to know about this doghouse of mine.”</p>
<p>He spoke with humility but also subtly hinted at Lumian: <em>I haven’t forgotten that I’m your dog!</em></p>
<p>As Lugano spoke, he entered the room, closing the wooden door behind him.</p>
<p>The space darkened, and a snap echoed.</p>
<p>The candles on the simple wooden table suddenly ignited, casting a yellowish flame.</p>
<p>Lumian lowered his raised right palm and nodded slightly, asking, “Any questions?”</p>
<p>Lugano didn’t delve into the crimes of the Savoie Mob’s brass that had made him a wanted man. Instead, his concern was elsewhere.</p>
<p>“Monsieur Ciel, how did you know about this safe house of mine?”</p>
<p>Lumian chuckled.</p>
<p>“I can find anything if I put my mind to it.”</p>
<p><em>Wh—</em> Lugano’s eyes narrowed, sensing the formidable confidence in the other party.</p>
<p>Ciel’s actions also validated his words.</p>
<p>Of course, Lumian wouldn’t tell Lugano that he had followed him multiple times, determining the locations of his three safe houses.</p>
<p>As a Hunter, Lumian often roamed the market district during his free time, honing his tracking skills. He was well-acquainted with the area.</p>
<p>While he randomly chose targets for ordinary passersby and residents, Lugano Toscano, a Beyonder seeking to join his ranks, was a crucial subject of investigation to prevent betrayal. Lumian kept a close eye on him to avoid being blindsided by any potential treachery.</p>
<p>Without waiting for Lugano to delve into further inquiries, Lumian got straight to the point.</p>
<p>“I need your help with something.”</p>
<p>“It’s my honor.” Lugano didn’t seek details and acted as if he was unquestionably on board.</p>
<p><em>Isn’t this too toady? I’m now a wanted criminal. Without Salle de Bal Brise and other businesses, it’s impossible for me to provide any more resources…</em> Lumian stroked his chin with his right hand.</p>
<p>“I need to make a trip to the Feynapotter Kingdom. I wish for you to be my translator.”</p>
<p>Lugano promptly responded, “No problem.”</p>
<p><em>Is that so? But I have a problem…</em> Lumian, a Conspirer, grew suspicious of Lugano’s unquestioning loyalty, given the lack of inquiry or discussion about returns. He instantly became highly focused.</p>
<p><em>Could it be that this fellow, like Ludwig, has been “sent” by some faction to interact with me? </em>Lumian raised his eyebrows and smiled.</p>
<p>“I thought you’d refuse. After all, you’ve already become a Doctor. Even without taking any risks, you can lead a very good life.”</p>
<p>Doctors could use superpowers to treat illnesses and injuries, easily sustaining themselves in any country or city.</p>
<p>Lugano said sheepishly, “I’m also wanted. I’m planning to find a place to hide before returning to Trier. Besides, I believe you’ll reward me handsomely.</p>
<p>“Although Doctors can treat illnesses, we can’t use Beyonder powers openly. That would attract the attention of official Beyonders unless we only dabble in the black market. The best choice is to forge a doctor’s license and open a clinic. Add on Beyonder powers while providing regular treatment. However, it will require a large sum of starting funds and sufficient medical knowledge. I already have the latter. As for the former, I’ve just exchanged all my savings for the main and supplementary ingredients for the Doctor potion.”</p>
<p>As he spoke, Lugano’s smile ingratiated.</p>
<p>“Once I become a renowned doctor in Trier, I’ll earn at least 200,000 verl d’or annually. That way, I won’t have to adventure anymore. Even if I don’t want to become too famous and attract the attention of official Beyonders, it’ll be easy for me to earn 40,000 to 50,000 verl d’or a year.”</p>
<p><em>You’re quite familiar with Trier’s doctor incomes…</em> Lumian gazed at Lugano’s face, his doubts dissipating but still lingering.</p>
<p>He quickly made up his mind and stood up slowly.</p>
<p>“Excellent. Wait three days for me here. I’ll come to you after I’m done with other matters. When the time comes, I’ll pay you a 5,000 verl d’or advance. When I don’t need your translation services, I’ll give you another 5,000 verl d’or. If there’s a battle midway, you can divide the spoils of war according to rules between adventurers. I’ll provide further compensation later, no less than 5,000 verl d’or.”</p>
<p>“Alright, Monsieur Ciel.” Lugano escorted Lumian out of the room with a smile.</p>
<p>Throughout this process, Lumian observed Doctor’s expressions and actions from the corner of his eye, but he didn’t detect any abnormalities.</p>
<p><em>Is this really how he is? There’s nothing abnormal about him, or is his acting skills good enough?</em> Lumian looked ahead and descended the stairs steadily.</p>
<p><em>†</em></p>
<p>Jenna didn’t linger in Apartment 601 at 3 Rue des Blouses Blanches. She swiftly packed her belongings, intending to transfer to Franca’s safe house in Quartier de la Cathédrale Commémorative.</p>
<p>Despite being a leader of the Savoie Mob and Gardner Martin’s mistress, Franca strangely hadn’t become a wanted criminal. However, the Demoness of Pleasure anticipated that she might face arrest by official Beyonders at her residence soon. Therefore, Franca had prepared to move to Trocadéro Town, having packed her own belongings and Jenna’s luggage into a Traveler’s Bag for a quick escape.</p>
<p>Carrying a brown suitcase, Jenna entered Rue des Blouses Blanches and noticed peculiar symbols in a side alley, resembling child’s graffiti—a sign of the Purifiers’ request for a meeting.</p>
<p>Jenna hesitated as she walked forward.</p>
<p>Although she had discussed with Lumian, Franca, and Anthony what to say about the previous night’s encounter, meeting official Beyonders still felt risky. The unease lingered.</p>
<p>After nearly ten minutes of contemplation, Jenna let out a soft sigh and turned onto Avenue du Marché, making her way towards the alley behind Église Saint-Robert—the designated meeting venue.</p>
<p>Her brother Julien was still in Port LeSeur and would return to Trier in a few months. Jenna aimed to avoid implicating her remaining relative and wanted him to live free from hiding and fear. Her plan was to establish a positive relationship with the Purifiers and entrust them with her brother’s safety.</p>
<p><em>I’m already a Witch who can bring about a catastrophe. I’ll shoulder these dark and dangerous matters</em>, Jenna silently muttered to herself, lowering her eyes and quickening her pace.</p>
<p>This time, Valentine and Imre weren’t the only ones in the back alley of Église Saint-Robert’s cathedral. There was also a man with blond hair, golden eyebrows, and a golden beard, dressed in a brown double-breasted coat.</p>
<p>“This is our deacon, Monsieur Angoulême,” Imre introduced. “He attaches great importance to last night’s catastrophe and wants to know what information you have.”</p>
<p>From their perspective, Celia Bello had close ties to Ciel and Franca. One of them was Gardner Martin’s subordinate in two aspects, while the other was his mistress. They were expected to be aware of the riots and anomalies in the market district.</p>
<p>Jenna’s role as an informant had prompted the Purifiers, on Angoulême’s suggestion, to hold off arresting Franca and Apartment 601 at 3 Rue des Blouses Blanches. For now, their focus was on making Ciel Dubois, confirmed as a “soldier” of the secret organization, a wanted man.</p>
<p>Jenna averted her gaze from Angoulême’s golden buttons and suddenly smiled.</p>
<p>“Are you referring to the catastrophe triggered by the unsealing of Fourth Epoch Trier last night?”</p>
<p>Imre and Valentine were initially dazzled by Jenna’s smile, but then their eyes widened in shock at the information she revealed.</p>
<p>Angoulême was taken aback and sighed inwardly, as if he had anticipated this.</p>
<p>Jenna tilted her head slightly and added with a smile, “Would you believe me if I said that I witnessed the beginning of the problem and the ritual’s process with my own eyes, and I entered Fourth Epoch Trier yet managed to escape?”</p>
<p>Valentine and Imre’s eyes widened as they remained silent, unsure of how to respond.</p>
<p>“Is it related to the Hostel you previously reported?” Angoulême asked in a deep voice.</p>
<p>Jenna tersely acknowledged and nodded.</p>
<p>“Where are Franca and Ciel?” Angoulême inquired.</p>
<p>Jenna replied truthfully, “They’ve left the market district. They probably won’t return.”</p>
<p>Angoulême breathed a sigh of relief and said,“Tell me more about your experiences.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
