<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch519.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-514-huge-wave" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 514: Huge Wave</h2>
<p>Lumian took a moment to consider. He didn’t think there was any real danger.</p>
<p>Philip’s concern was based on Bone Splitter Basil’s reaction, which only hinted at a potential problem on the ship. While Philip knew which passengers and crew members were suspicious, he couldn’t pinpoint the real source of the trouble. He wasn’t even sure if he was right, and wouldn’t dare to be certain. Therefore, his suspect might not be the actual issue.</p>
<p>In other words, it was more likely that the real problem was actually sitting right beside him: Lumian and his new godson, Ludwig. However, Philip wasn’t aware of this, and by excluding them, would mistakenly focus on other suspects.</p>
<p><em>Apart from Ludwig and me, whether there are other serious problems or not, Philip is right, </em>Lumian thought, letting out a soft sigh.<em> Before any major troubles surface, it’s best not to investigate or provoke them. We’ll pretend not to see, hear, or speak, and wait for them to reach their destination and leave the Flying Bird…</em></p>
<p><em>Of course, this depends on the situation remaining stable. If any abnormalities arise, we’d have to find a way to resolve them immediately. Sometimes, pretending not to see things doesn’t prevent them from worsening. The Cordu catastrophe is a gruesome reminder of that…</em> Lumian thought and sighed softly.</p>
<p>He turned around and extended his hand, briefly shaking Philip’s with a smile.</p>
<p>“I’m glad we reached an agreement.”</p>
<p>Philip breathed a sigh of relief, retracted his right hand, and downed his golden malt beer.</p>
<p>He had been worried that someone like Louis Berry, who used a fake identity and was suspected of being a criminal, would be stubborn and adventurous. He was concerned that Louis wouldn’t listen to reason and would insist on uncovering the “huge problem” that scared off the Black Octopus.</p>
<p>Philip felt no sympathy for someone who might die because of their own foolishness, but he didn’t want them to endanger everyone else.</p>
<p>Thankfully, Louis Berry seemed like someone who could be reasoned with.</p>
<p>As Philip drained his beer, he kept assuring himself:</p>
<p>The Fog Sea Archipelago wasn’t far from the Republic. In fact, its proximity was why Intis had chosen it as its first overseas colony. The Flying Bird wouldn’t need to stop at other ports for supplies on its journey, allowing it to arrive directly.</p>
<p>Assuming the weather remained calm, the Flying Bird should dock in Farim, the capital of the Fog Sea Archipelago, by the following evening. If they encountered bad weather, they might need to slow down, change course, or seek refuge in another port. The latest they could arrive would be noon the day after tomorrow.</p>
<p>Perhaps that troublesome problem would disembark in Port Farim?</p>
<p>Even if something was brewing beneath the surface, it wouldn’t fully erupt in just a day or two.</p>
<p>Endure, and it would be over!</p>
<p>Reassured, Philip—hugging his lover, Gozia—rose from his barstool and left the bustling bar.</p>
<p>Lumian continued sipping his Lanti Proof, seemingly unfazed.</p>
<p>With a smile, he turned to the bartender, Francesco, and remarked, “I’ve heard that many Feynapotterians are homesick. Even when they have to leave for work, they often return home, write letters, or send telegrams. You, however, chose to work overseas, on a ship that makes it difficult to stay in touch with the outside world.”</p>
<p>Francesco raised his hand and gestured. “While I love my family dearly, families like ours, with generations living together, often face various problems and conflicts. My grandmother, a wise woman, manages us well, but it can be stifling for the younger generation. There are too many elders eager to share their life experiences.</p>
<p>“Furthermore, my home is in Port Santa. The Flying Bird docks there almost every month. So, for me, this job is both work and a trip home.”</p>
<p><em>It’s just like the book that described Feynapotterian customs. Feynapotterians enjoy living in large families spanning multiple generations. And in such families, the most senior woman who has given birth becomes the natural matriarch, controlling the entire family’s affairs, regardless of whether her husband is alive. In a religious sense, such a woman is considered the embodiment of Earth Mother within the family…</em> His chat with Bartender Francesco wasn’t purely for relaxation. He had two goals: Firstly, he wanted to understand the passengers better through Francesco’s eyes. His final destination was Port Santa, which was five to six days away. Paying attention to the various details of life on the Flying Bird was crucial. Secondly, he wanted to verify the information in his books and gain a grasp of local customs in the Feynapotter Kingdom. Missing out on important knowledge could lead him to misinterpret situations in Port Santa.</p>
<hr />
<p>The night passed peacefully, save for a child waking up twice to eat, the rhythmic chewing noises hardly disturbing Lumian’s sleep. The gentle rocking of the ship and the waves outside his window created a lulling atmosphere.</p>
<p>Just when he thought the Flying Bird would smoothly reach Port Farim, the capital of the Fog Sea Archipelago, by evening, the weather took a sudden turn.</p>
<p>The sea, previously veiled in a thin fog, began to seethe. Giant waves, like towering mountains, rose and fell in rapid succession.</p>
<p>The Flying Bird bobbed precariously on the waves, its air of colossal power replaced by vulnerability.</p>
<p>Now, it was a mere leaf tossed between the sky and the sea, a toy in the hands of a giant. Tiny and fragile, it seemed ready to capsize at any moment.</p>
<p>Oddly, the massive waves were not accompanied by darkness or torrential rain. Instead, the howling wind dispersed the fog above, revealing a clear azure sky.</p>
<p>A sailor scrambled down from the observation deck and, holding his telescope to Philip, shouted, “Boss, this wave isn’t right!</p>
<p>“Only our area has waves this big! Everywhere else is calm!</p>
<p>“There’s no rain here either!”</p>
<p>Philip, holding onto Gozia who trembled pale from the force of the elements, instinctively furrowed his brow.</p>
<p><em>Abnormal waves?</em></p>
<p><em>Had that “major problem” caused them?</em></p>
<p>No sooner had the thought crossed his mind than the Flying Bird was flung into the air by a monstrous wave, only to be slammed onto another.</p>
<p>Terrifying jolts and tremors reverberated through the air, eliciting screams of fear from many passengers.</p>
<p>They sensed the Flying Bird teetering on the brink of capsizing, a shipwreck imminent.</p>
<p>In first-class cabin number 5, Lugano stared calmly out the window, gripping the frame as the dining table slid across the room with the force of the storm.</p>
<p>He knew that if the Flying Bird couldn’t withstand the tempest, Lumian Lee would undoubtedly “teleport” him and Ludwig to safety in Port Farim.</p>
<p>Lumian, gazing at the strangely calm azure sea beyond the monstrous waves, sensed something amiss.</p>
<p>He wasted no time, retrieving the Mystery Prying Glasses from his Traveler’s Bag, hoping to uncover the hidden cause of this disaster.</p>
<p>As the brown, gold-rimmed glasses settled on the bridge of his nose, a familiar dizziness washed over him. He saw a chaotic montage of scenes around him unfold.</p>
<p>On deck, a tidal wave surged, tossing Philip. Clutching a rope in desperation, he descended rapidly with Gozia. He instinctively positioned himself below her, shielding his new lover from the fall. He landed with a heavy thud, the rope burning a gash into his palm, drawing blood.</p>
<p>Chaos reigned in the dining hall as plates, knives, and forks flew through the air; customers were flung around.</p>
<p>In one room, a blurry figure of a woman sat by the window, sobbing uncontrollably.</p>
<p>The boiler chamber was a scene of disarray, scattered coal littering the floor. Beneath it crawled a horrifying horde of creatures resembling seashells.</p>
<p>And beneath the deceptively calm azure surface, a peculiar fish gazed up at the beleaguered Flying Bird!</p>
<p>Its size rivaled that of a shark, its grayish-black body devoid of scales, replaced instead by numerous, pulsing meatballs. These strange orbs shimmered with an interconnected, faint starlight, forming cryptic symbols. It sported a pair of eyes on each side of its head, and its gaping maw was as sharp as a flagpole.</p>
<p>Surrounding this strange fish and numerous similar fish seemed to form a school.</p>
<p>With a sharp gasp, Lumian ripped off the Mystery Prying Glasses and stuffed them back into his Traveler’s Bag, his chest heaving.</p>
<p>He suspected the strange fish were behind the violent waves, though it was unclear if the wind was a consequence of the upheaval or a separate cause.</p>
<p>Knowing the strange fish were submerged, Lumian discarded the idea of using a massive fireball to guide the Flying Bird’s cannons towards them.</p>
<p>Instead, he activated the black mark on his right shoulder and teleported himself to the nearby patch of sea he had just witnessed.</p>
<p>As he did so, he retrieved the blackened bone flute adorned with dark-red holes.</p>
<p>General Philip’s Symphony of Hatred!</p>
<p>Lumian materialized mid-air and, while descending, brought the bone flute to his lips.</p>
<p>He had learned the flute from shepherds during his time in Cordu, and over the past few days, he had been diligently practicing and refining his skills. Now, he began to play a melodious tune, one filled with a longing for home.</p>
<p>It was a favorite melody among the wandering shepherds.</p>
<p>The muffled explosions of fireballs churned the water, slowing Lumian’s descent. But amidst his melody, a new tune, one that seemed to emanate from the depths of destiny itself, pierced through the seawater and reached the “ears” of the strange fish and their kind below.</p>
<p>Suddenly, the strange fish froze. A mountain-like wave descended, but no new ones followed.</p>
<p><em>Boom! Boom! Boom!</em> The smaller fish surrounding the strange fish exploded from their heads, turning on their own kind in a frenzy. Others simply died and floated to the surface.</p>
<p>Lumian’s descent accelerated as his feet, legs, and body submerged into the icy sea.</p>
<p>He continued playing the shepherds’ longing melody, feeling the seawater reach his neck and threatening to engulf his mouth.</p>
<p>The next moment, dark-red blood oozed from the four eyes and multiple bumps on the shark-sized fish.</p>
<p>The terrifying waves subsided rapidly.</p>
<p>With only half his head above water, Lumian lowered the bone flute and smiled. He activated Spirit World Traversal once more.</p>
<p><em>Cough, cough, cough!</em> As he materialized back in Room 5 of the first-class cabin, salty seawater spewed from his mouth.</p>
<p>In his eagerness to ensure the effectiveness of the music, he had stopped playing too late, ending up swallowing a mouthful of seawater. Additionally, fearing that too much commotion would disrupt the “teleportation,” he had held his breath until returning before choking.</p>
<p><em>Is this a form of unluckiness?</em> Lumian mused.</p>
<p>Lugano, startled by Lumian’s drenched state, asked, “Is it resolved?”</p>
<p>“Seems like it,” Lumian replied with a smile.</p>
<p>His shoes and trouser legs bore the marks of wear and tear, scorched and dripping seawater.</p>
<p>At that moment, cheers erupted across the Flying Bird as passengers and crew noticed the receding waves.</p>
<p>“Praise the Sun!”</p>
<p>“By steam!”</p>
<p>“Thank you, Mother of All Things!”</p>
<p>“…”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
