<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch551.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-546-monitor" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 546: Monitor</h2>
<p>Following the Governor of the Sea’s orders holds more weight than reverence for the Church… The Church of Earth Mother appears indifferent. Lumian chose not to push further. He nodded subtly and stated, “I’ll take on this commission without expecting compensation, but I do have a request.”</p>
<p>“What might that be?” Rubió asked cautiously.</p>
<p>A cunning smile formed on Lumian’s lips.</p>
<p>“I’m here to witness the sea prayer ritual, but I’ve heard only a select few can observe its core segments. I seek such an opportunity.”</p>
<p>Rubió remained silent for a prolonged moment.</p>
<p>Giorgia, unable to contain her curiosity, questioned her husband in Highlander about the conversation and his concerns.</p>
<p>Lugano seized the chance to approach Lumian and translated the couple’s exchange.</p>
<p>Lumian’s eyebrows twitched imperceptibly upon hearing they were genuinely considering allowing him to pose as a sailor and board the special sacrificial ship.</p>
<p><em>Is Rubió Paco truly considering my request?</em></p>
<p><em>I’m merely offering an outrageous deal to test if I can glean details about the sea prayer ritual. I don’t intend to leverage this seemingly straightforward task to gain access to the last two segments of the ritual!</em></p>
<p>It remained a secret harbored by the Fisheries Guild for over a millennium, the wellspring of their power and prestige!</p>
<p>As these thoughts raced through Lumian’s mind, he strongly suspected that the commission to send Madame Martha to Milo Village to meet the current Governor of the Sea carried a high risk. It wasn’t a task for any random Beyonder. Therefore, Rubió Paco was reluctant to let go of Louis Berry, the proven adventurer.</p>
<p><em>But where could the danger lie? This is Port Santa, not the islands on the sea or the remote towns of the Southern Continent. Which Beyonder would dare to attack me on the streets in broad daylight? Aren’t they afraid of being captured by the combat nuns and turned into fertilizer for the land? One can’t underestimate the power of an orthodox Church!</em></p>
<p><em>Unless someone possesses a special ability, like Loki’s, to kill me undetected on the bustling streets, or if a Saint with godhood personally takes action, aiming to end the battle before the Church of Earth Mother reacts… But it can’t be that exaggerated. It’s such a trivial matter…</em> As Lumian pondered, Rubió and Giorgia reached a conclusion.</p>
<p>The former said to Lumian, “I cannot permit your participation in the last two segments of the sea prayer ritual. It is a blasphemy against the sea. Those involved will face expulsion from Port Santa, including their family.</p>
<p>“However, I am willing to allow you to conceal yourself in Milo Village in advance and witness the ancient performances during the vigil ritual.”</p>
<p><em>So, I can’t directly witness the vigil ritual, but I can partake in the accompanying folklore performance? Did Ultraman, Bard, and Mad Lady use a similar method to approach the core of the sea prayer ritual and complete the most crucial part of the prank?</em> Lumian noticed that Rubió had already made a significant concession and no longer insisted. He smiled and replied, “Deal.”</p>
<p>Without waiting for a response, he “kindly” suggested, “Let’s send Madame Martha to Milo Village today, shall we? We mustn’t delay when it comes to illnesses. Get her treatment as soon as possible.”</p>
<p>Rubió hesitated for a moment before saying, “My mother is already asleep. She’s been resting a lot lately. Forcing her awake will impact her body and mind. How about tomorrow morning?”</p>
<p><em>Is some advanced preparation needed?</em> Lumian nodded thoughtfully.</p>
<p>“No problem.”</p>
<p>He cast a quick glance at Lugano, and his heart skipped a beat.</p>
<p>“Monsieur Rubió, my interpreter is, in fact, an excellent doctor. Moreover, he doesn’t adhere to the beliefs of the Earth Mother, nor is he affiliated with any Church. If he were to treat your mother, you probably wouldn’t need to seek the Governor of the Sea’s permission in advance.”</p>
<p>Lumian emphasized the word “doctor.”</p>
<p>Without hesitation, Rubió Paco shook his head and said, “We trust the Church’s doctors more. My mother is my most important family. I don’t want her to take any unnecessary risks.”</p>
<p>What he implied was that he couldn’t vouch for the medical skills of the interpreter. He couldn’t use the Paco family’s matriarch as an experiment.</p>
<p>Lumian was actually looking forward to sending Madame Martha to Milo Village because it meant he might meet the current Governor of the Sea and have a chance to learn something. He had only suggested that Lugano treat the matriarch to test Rubió.</p>
<p>The result of the probe revealed many hidden secrets in this matter!</p>
<p>Having agreed to escort Madame Martha and her maid to the Governor of the Sea at 9 a.m. the following day, Lumian led Ludwig and Lugano out of the main house at 21 Saint Lana Street. Giorgia walked them all the way to the door.</p>
<p>Lumian nonchalantly remarked, “Does the Governor of the Sea have to reside in Milo Village?”</p>
<p>With Lugano’s translation, Giorgia nodded slightly and said, “The Governor of the Sea resides in the building where the vigil ritual is held every night. He can move freely during the day, but he can’t leave Port Santa.”</p>
<p><em>The building where the vigil ritual is held? The essence of the vigil ritual is to allow a quasi-Governor of the Sea to enter the residence and replace the former Governor of the Sea, waiting to be officially appointed by the sea the next day?</em> Lumian speculated, combining his mysticism knowledge.</p>
<p>He smiled and asked, “What are the perks of being Governor of the Sea?”</p>
<p>After hearing the translation, Giorgia fell silent for a few seconds before saying, “Among the fishmongers, the merchants, he’s already the true governor in their eyes.”</p>
<p>It wasn’t an answer, just a whisper of truth.</p>
<p>Lumian nodded without pressing further. He led Ludwig and Lugano through the iron gates.</p>
<p>After taking a few steps along the verdant path in the forest, he suddenly looked up.</p>
<p>On a branch stood a gray-feathered myna.</p>
<p>Lumian gave it a cursory glance and continued on, his steps brisk towards the waiting carriage.</p>
<p>After a while, the myna flapped its wings and flew up. After circling a few times, it circled a house two streets away before dipping down towards an open window.</p>
<p>It landed on a middle-aged man’s forearm and spoke in precise Highlander, “Louis Berry is back at the Paco house! He stayed nearly half an hour!”</p>
<p>The middle-aged man, dressed in gray clothes with disheveled brown hair, resembling a suburban farmer, fed the myna a few self-made rice grains and said, “Observe further and see if Rubió Paco and Giorgia will go out today.”</p>
<p>After the myna flew out of the window, the middle-aged man exhaled and turned around.</p>
<p>Suddenly, his eyes froze as he saw someone sitting in the only armchair!</p>
<p>The man had black hair and green eyes, wearing a white shirt, a black vest, dark pants, and a golden straw hat.</p>
<p>Louis Berry!</p>
<p>Adventurer Louis Berry!</p>
<p>The middle-aged man’s back arched slightly, and his feet parted slightly, but he took no further action.</p>
<p>Lumian leaned back in his chair and engaged in casual conversation in Intisian, as if he had been expected.</p>
<p>“What did you have your bird spy on?”</p>
<p>The middle-aged man fell silent for a moment before speaking in somewhat awkward Intisian, “Watch if anyone enters or exits Paco’s house, and see if there’s anything unusual there.”</p>
<p>“Very honest.” Lumian nodded approvingly. “Who asked you to do it?”</p>
<p>He was pleased that the other party knew some Intisian. Otherwise, he could only rely on key words to communicate or capture him to have Lugano translate.</p>
<p>“Juan Oro,” the middle-aged man replied without hesitation.</p>
<p><em>Juan Oro… The president of the Fisheries Guild and the former village chief of Milo Village?</em> Lumian smiled and said, “I’m surprised you’re so forthright.”</p>
<p>The middle-aged man forced a smile and said, “I don’t think I’m stronger than Demon Warlock and can defeat you.”</p>
<p>“That’s right. Those who understand the situation and themselves can live longer.” Lumian crossed his right foot over his left leg. “Why is Juan Oro monitoring the Paco family?”</p>
<p>“I don’t know, and there’s no need for me to know. I’ll receive a reward as long as I pass on what I see,” the middle-aged man replied sincerely.</p>
<p>Lumian gazed at him for a few seconds before saying, “Did you send that little monster last night?”</p>
<p>The middle-aged man was taken aback.</p>
<p>“What little monster? What happened last night?”</p>
<p>Lumian chuckled and stood up without explaining.</p>
<p>“What’s your name?” he asked as he walked towards the door.</p>
<p>The middle-aged man hesitated for a moment before answering truthfully, “Sanches.”</p>
<p>Lumian opened the door, walked out, and disappeared from Sanches’s sight.</p>
<hr />
<p>Upon his return to Solow Motel, Lumian noticed a folded letter resting on the master bedroom’s desk.</p>
<p>Skillfully unfurling it, he found the distinct handwriting of Madam Magician.</p>
<p>“You can share those matters with the Two of Cups, but avoid delving into excessive detail.</p>
<p>“I refrained from elaborating on the voices you heard and the fragments of civilization you glimpsed earlier as they remain too advanced for your understanding. Simply remember not to heed random sounds or sights in an ancient ruin like Fourth Epoch Trier. Also, caution your Warlock associates—it’s acceptable to occasionally take in the Hidden Sage’s indoctrination, but they mustn’t fully believe in Him. His state is precarious.”</p>
<p>After incinerating the letter, Lumian contemplated for a moment and decided to “teleport” back to Trier to inform Franca in person and avert any potential mishaps.</p>
<hr />
<p>Trier, nestled within the Quartier de la Cathédrale Commémorative, Apartment 702 at 9 Rue Orosai.</p>
<p>As Lumian materialized, Franca and Jenna were engrossed in perusing a stack of ancient information from an unknown source.</p>
<p>“Hey, could you ‘teleport’ outside and knock? It’s quite startling when you suddenly appear like that!” Franca nearly tensed the formless spider silk she’d permanently set up in the room.</p>
<p>Lumian chuckled and remarked, “With a Witch’s spiritual perception, what’s the difference between me ‘teleporting’ outside the door and appearing in the living room?”</p>
<p>“Why the sudden return?” Franca paused before asking, “Madame Magician said you could share about that matter?”</p>
<p>“What’s going on?” Jenna queried, looking puzzled.</p>
<p>She stood up and prepared to leave.</p>
<p>“Yes,” Lumian replied to Franca’s question, but he made no attempt to stop Jenna from leaving.</p>
<p>Nor did Franca intervene.</p>
<p>Once Jenna had retreated to her bedroom, Lumian turned to Franca and disclosed, “When they discussed the wilderness dream, it made me recall the voices and visions I encountered in Fourth Epoch Trier. They’re connected to the Celestial Master!”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
