<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch555.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-550-effects-of-the-sea-prayer-ritual" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 550: Effects of the Sea Prayer Ritual</h2>
<p>Lumian hesitated, embodying the character of the adventurer—Louis Berry—grappling with the unfamiliarity of Highlander.</p>
<p>Once Lugano finished translating Noelia’s words, he nodded gently, sporting a welcoming smile as he spoke in Intisian, “Come in, please.”</p>
<p>Simultaneously, he rose from his seat.</p>
<p>Lugano, who had already reached the door, opened it.</p>
<p>The figure outside indeed proved to be Noelia, the combat nun of the Fertility Order. Contrary to expectation, she wasn’t cloaked in black or adorned with religious headwear. Her thick, black, curly hair flowed over her brown leather armor, and her lively light-blue eyes exuded energy.</p>
<p>Lumian noticed the pair of straight swords strapped to Noelia’s back and the revolver at her waist. Smiling, he stepped forward.</p>
<p>“Thank you for your assistance.”</p>
<p>Previously dependent on Lugano’s translation, Noelia replied in Intisian, “How did you know I was here to help?”</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t conceal his intentions for today’s performance. He raised his hand, pointing at his head, indicating deduction.</p>
<p>Of course, his gratitude stemmed from her aid in digesting the Conspirer potion.</p>
<p>Noelia’s thick eyebrows twitched approvingly as she nodded.</p>
<p>Then, she turned her gaze to Lugano and Ludwig, as if seeking Lumian’s opinion on whether to have them leave. Lugano’s expression made it clear he preferred not to be part of it.</p>
<p>Sparing Lugano, Lumian gestured for him to take Ludwig outside, perhaps for street snacks.</p>
<p>After the two departed the suite, Lumian remarked to Noelia, “You actually know Intisian. You didn’t say a word of it earlier.”</p>
<p>Noelia replied with a smile, “We often take turns guarding the mountain passes in the southern foothills of the Pyraez mountain range.”</p>
<p>The Pyraez range, termed by the Feynapotter Kingdom, referred to the Dariège mountain range. Shepherds frequently traversed it, entering the plains and pastures of Gaia and other provinces.</p>
<p>Without awaiting Lumian’s further inquiry, Noelia tucked her hair behind her ear and grinned.</p>
<p>“It’s impolite to have a lady standing and chatting with you.”</p>
<p>Only then did Lumian invite Noelia to sit on the divan while he chose the armchair.</p>
<p>Noelia gazed at him and continued, “Port Santa’s sea prayer ritual dates back to the late Fourth Epoch. It’s over a thousand years old and can be considered ancient. The Church once purged it, relocating all relevant insiders and purifying all participants. However, less than a hundred years later, someone here began secretly conducting the sea prayer ritual again.”</p>
<p>She didn’t explain why she shared this history; it seemed like she was merely recounting.</p>
<p>“They didn’t continue purging it afterward?” Lumian inquired.</p>
<p>Noelia pursed her red lips and replied with a solemn expression, “In this matter, the brass’s orders are often contradictory. Sometimes, they let our Fertility Order handle it; other times, they signal us to observe for a while. All of this has been permitted by a second-in-command Blessed.”</p>
<p>Lumian, drawing knowledge from Madam Magician, the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society, and other sources, had come to understand that the Church of Earth Mother operated on two major systems: Favored and Blessed. Favored referred to Beyonders of the Earth and Moon pathways among clergymen. Meanwhile, Blessed encompassed Beyonders of other pathways favored by the Earth Mother. Orders from a Favored required at least one second-in-command Blessed to be valid. Without this, they risked being considered products of the influence of evil gods and demons.</p>
<p>Lumian found the Church of Earth Mother’s intricate system perplexing, seemingly designed to guard against the Favored. Nevertheless, he believed that there must be a reason behind such complexity.</p>
<p>Having undergone numerous experiences, he became increasingly aware that seemingly inconspicuous rules in the mystical world often held lessons etched in blood.</p>
<p>After a moment of contemplation, Lumian inquired, “Are you a Favored or a Blessed?”</p>
<p>“I’m a Blessed,” Noelia replied without delving into the specifics of her pathway.</p>
<p>Lumian nodded slightly, indicating for her to continue.</p>
<p>Noelia smiled and sighed.</p>
<p>“After a long period of repetition, we eventually reached an unspoken agreement to allow the sea prayer ritual. At the very least, it brought prosperity to Port Santa without causing social chaos or significant disruptions beyond the participants.</p>
<p>“That decision was made ages ago, and while ancient dossiers provide a rough understanding, the exact reasons convincing matriarchs, presidents, and archbishops remain elusive. Essentially, the sea prayer ritual has evolved into a traditional folklore in Port Santa, fostering prosperity in maritime trade and fisheries.”</p>
<p>Crossing her arms over her chest, Noelia intoned with piety, “Life’s precious embrace, the harvest’s grace.”</p>
<p>Lumian, intrigued, narrowed his eyes and inquired, “Why did you change the prayer gesture?”</p>
<p><em>Is there a problem?</em></p>
<p>Noelia opened her eyes and grinned.</p>
<p>“This was a gesture frequently used in the past, but as Earth Mother regained some lost authority, we adopted a new posture for formal occasions.”</p>
<p>She rose, positioning her legs slightly apart, hands raised high, and passionately explained to Louis Berry as if preaching.</p>
<p>“The feet connect to the benevolent earth, and the palms reach towards the spiritual sky. In the middle resides the light of life. This is the domain of the Mother of All Things.”</p>
<p><em>One can regain some of Their lost authority? </em>Lumian was puzzled, but that wasn’t the focal point.</p>
<p>Noelia settled back into her seat and continued, “While we haven’t deciphered the core process of the sea prayer ritual, years of surveillance have yielded some insights.</p>
<p>“The Governor of the Sea, who successfully gains the sea’s favor, wields the power to control this stretch of the sea, preventing shipwrecks. However, this seemingly comes at the cost of their lives and something more. Simultaneously, the ritual triggers rapid reproduction and thriving life in the area, ensuring fishermen a bountiful harvest. It also intertwines with fate; families with Maidens of the Sea in their lineage tend to experience good fortune, not just due to preferential treatment.”</p>
<p><em>The sea prayer ritual’s effects are intricate, wielding the power of the sea domain and influencing fate, reproduction, and abundance…</em> Lumian struggled to grasp the reasons behind these occurrences.</p>
<p>Noelia peered into Lumian’s face, her eyes bright yet gentle, and said, “The committee members of the Fisheries Guild, some villagers from Milo Village, and participants in the core process of the sea prayer ritual have all acquired mystical powers. We once confronted the little devils you encountered. When pursuing certain criminals, we discovered them transformed into lizard-like monsters.”</p>
<p><em>Humanoid lizards? Similar to the Paco family’s?</em> Lumian hadn’t anticipated obtaining any clues from Noelia.</p>
<p>Noelia smiled.</p>
<p>“Later, we found a commonality among those who can transform into lizard-like monsters.”</p>
<p>“What is it?” Lumian couldn’t conceal his curiosity.</p>
<p>Noelia replied with a faint smile, “Their mothers were once Maidens of the Sea.”</p>
<p><em>Maidens of the Sea’s children? Child of the Sea? Which of Rubió’s siblings did I kill? Not only did he transform into a humanoid lizard, but he also went mad and severely injured his mother? </em>Lumian swiftly connected the dots, sensing he had grasped the essence of the Paco family’s commission.</p>
<p>Yet, confusion crept in.</p>
<p><em>If this information is known to families with Maidens of the Sea, why would the Paco family conceal it from Juan Oro and other committee members in the Fisheries Guild?</em></p>
<p>Noelia didn’t seek his thoughts and teased, “After confirming the link between the lizard-like monsters and the sea prayer ritual, we intentionally alerted the Fisheries Guild committee members. Since then, no such criminals have surfaced. They show discipline and restraint. This is why, at times, I understand why the brass tacitly permit the sea prayer ritual in Port Santa. The participants are more obedient and easily controlled compared to adventurers like you.”</p>
<p>Noelia implied: “I just advised you to stay away from the Fisheries Guild. Yet, the next day, you stormed into the Governor of the Sea’s residence, pointing a gun at Juan Oro’s head. That’s much more troublesome than those involved with the sea prayer ritual!”</p>
<p>Lumian smiled, choosing not to comment.</p>
<p>Noelia pondered for a moment, locking eyes with him.</p>
<p>“I’m not sure why you’re investigating the sea prayer ritual, and I don’t want to know. What I can say is, if your actions endanger all of Port Santa, we will step in and expel you. With that condition, we might offer some assistance.”</p>
<p>Lumian picked up the straw hat beside him and pressed it against his chest.</p>
<p>“It would be an honor.”</p>
<p>Noelia left the Church of Earth Mother’s objectives in this matter unspoken, and Lumian chose not to delve into it.</p>
<p>The combat nun of the Fertility Order rose, making her way toward the door.</p>
<p>With her left hand on the handle, she abruptly turned around, her eyes sparkling as she asked with a smile, “Do you want to have a child here?”</p>
<p>Lumian was taken aback.</p>
<p>“Madame, aren’t you changing the subject too quickly?”</p>
<p>Noelia’s eyes held a maternal glint as she said with pity, “According to our assessment, the sea prayer ritual is at least as dangerous as a Saint or a Grade 1 Sealed Artifact when fully utilized for a short period. I don’t know what you’re up to, but once you’re involved in this matter, you can’t escape just because you want to.</p>
<p>“Before that, have you considered leaving a descendant for yourself? I can help you.”</p>
<p><em>Are your Church of Earth Mother’s combat nuns way of inviting someone to a one-night stand so special?</em> Lumian was momentarily speechless.</p>
<p>Noelia spoke sincerely, “Descendants are the continuation of our lives. Flowers wither and fall to the ground, only to bloom into a more brilliant scenery the next year. Are you really not considering having a descendant?”</p>
<p>“Not for now,” Lumian replied with a cold expression.</p>
<p>Noelia expressed regret, “Whenever you think it through, come to me.”</p>
<p>With that, she opened the door and walked out.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
