<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch569.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-564-individual-roles" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 564: Individual Roles</h2>
<p>Looking at the specter suspected to be Iru, Juan Oro’s expression shifted.</p>
<p>Back then, even though they had missed the optimal time for spirit channeling, they still managed to learn about the deaths on the first day and found items that could accurately pinpoint the target. Utilizing the Little Devil’s ability, they completed the summoning, but none of the deceased spirits appeared. This led them to believe that the human spirits that angered the sea would be devoured. No further attempts were made.</p>
<p>Nearly a year later, the summoning had actually succeeded!</p>
<p>Moreover, it appeared that Iru hadn’t drowned at sea but had been shot.</p>
<p>This was entirely different from the backlash caused by the failure of the sea prayer ritual!</p>
<p>Charname used Hermes to inquire about the spirit suspected to be Iru, but the target was already in a daze and couldn’t recall anything. Even his appearance had become blurry, assimilated by the environment.</p>
<p>Charname concluded the ritual and used Salah’s clothes, worn over many years, to summon the spirit of the other deceased.</p>
<p>This time, nothing happened.</p>
<p>Charname refrained from further attempts. He extinguished the candle’s flame and dispelled the wall of spirituality. In Highlander, he addressed Juan Oro, “The problem has become clearer.”</p>
<p>Juan Oro didn’t respond. Instead, he turned to his grandson, Fernandez.</p>
<p>“Take them out and send them home. Instruct each of them.”</p>
<p>“Alright.” Although Fernandez yearned to hear Charname’s conjecture and understand the subsequent events, he didn’t dare disobey his grandfather’s orders. He hurriedly led the surviving sailors out of the lounge and closed the door.</p>
<p>After a few moments, Juan Oro shifted his gaze to Charname, whose features didn’t stand out.</p>
<p>“Are you suggesting that the Iru who perished during the sea prayer ritual was an imposter?”</p>
<p>Charname asked with a smirk, “Why do you think the fake Iru is really dead? The others might have been swallowed by the sea, but not him.”</p>
<p>Disregarding the miraculous resurrection, nobody present could prove that the fake Iru had indeed fallen into the sea.</p>
<p>Observing Juan Oro’s silence, Charname pressed on, “The real Iru should have been assassinated by those saboteurs days or even weeks before the sea prayer ritual. No, he was more likely to have been kidnapped, killed by a gun a period after the sea prayer ritual completed; after all, the living cannot have their spirit channeled. Later, someone disguised themselves as him and lived in Milo Village for a period. Without arousing suspicion, they boarded the Governor of the Sea’s wedding ship as a sailor.</p>
<p>“Right, is Iru the kind with no living elders, no spouse, no kids, and not residing with siblings?”</p>
<p>Juan Oro’s eyes narrowed as he spoke, “More or less. Their grandmother passed away over a decade ago. His parents, Children of the Sea, established a separate family. After reaching adulthood, they lost control of their powers, turning into pure sea spawn. We had to send them back to the sea.”</p>
<p>“As expected, they picked the sailor with the least difficult disguise,” Charname remarked with a sigh.</p>
<p>Juan Oro frowned and said, “Yet, everyone boarding the ship undergoes a routine inspection by another sea spawn to confirm authenticity.”</p>
<p>Charname chuckled.</p>
<p>“As you said, it’s a routine inspection, and in this world, many disguises require specific methods or deeper identification to uncover.”</p>
<p>Juan Oro nodded solemnly.</p>
<p>Charname kindly suggested with a hint of flaunting, “Next time, it might be wise to draw blood from everyone boarding the ship and compare it to their closest relatives. It could reveal their true bloodline.”</p>
<p>“That’s an idea,” Juan Oro tersely acknowledged.</p>
<p>Over the centuries, the sea prayer ritual had encountered no issues, so they hadn’t considered refining the details.</p>
<p>Juan Oro inquired, “What do those who disrupted the ritual want?”</p>
<p>“We’re not certain either,” Charname shrugged, glancing towards the curtained window that led to the Governor of the Sea’s residence.</p>
<p>Juan Oro sensed a hint in Charname’s allusion to something Louis Berry had mentioned earlier. He subtly nodded and added, “When this year’s sea prayer ritual succeeds, we’ll release Miguel and allow him to live in Torres. By then, the failure of last year’s ritual won’t remain a secretive burden. There’s no need for us to harm Miguel.”</p>
<p>“Miguel?” Charname inquired thoughtfully.</p>
<p>“He’s the false Governor of the Sea. He used to work for the Fisheries Company, and his lineage traces back to Milo Village,” Juan Oro explained succinctly.</p>
<p>Charname diverted his gaze, a faint smile gracing his lips.</p>
<p>“He’s had his year of indulgence. Fear may linger, but everything comes with a price.”</p>
<p>The companion of the great adventurer paused, curiosity lighting up his eyes.</p>
<p>“Did your ancestor come from the depths of the sea, or did ordinary fishermen suddenly gain inspiration and enlightenment, mastering the art of pleasing the sea and gaining its favor?” he inquired.</p>
<p>Juan Oro took a moment of silence before responding, “We don’t know. Both possibilities are equally plausible. Milo Village was once eradicated by the Church of Earth Mother. Many legacies were severed, and we’re left clueless about our ancestors’ origins.</p>
<p>“On a personal note, I lean towards the second theory. We’re different from typical sea spawn. The children we bear initially resemble humans. It’s only as they absorb more of the sea’s power that they transform into humanoid lizards. Additionally, while our strength weakens, theirs does not.”</p>
<p>Charname nodded in agreement.</p>
<p>“I’m inclined to think the second scenario is more likely too.”</p>
<p>He then asked, “Have all traces of Milo Village’s ancestors truly been erased? Is there no evidence left?”</p>
<p>Juan Oro studied Charname for a moment before revealing, “There’s some residual evidence in the underground chamber of the Governor of the Sea’s residence, but it’s just symbols and patterns. They’re meaningless and indecipherable.</p>
<p>“If you want to see them, wait until the vigil ritual. But aren’t you concerned about the risk of exposing our collaboration by going to the Governor of the Sea’s residence now?”</p>
<p>“Fair point.” After obtaining other details, Charname abruptly receded into the shadows in the corner and vanished.</p>
<p>Juan Oro watched as the great adventurer’s companion disappeared and released a slow sigh.</p>
<p>He sensed a storm brewing around Port Santa.</p>
<hr />
<p>In the master bedroom of the fifth-floor suite at Solow Motel.</p>
<p>Emerging from the shadows, Charname adorned the silver Lie earring behind his left ear. His eyes swiftly transformed, becoming as clear as a lake, and his flaxen-tinted hair cascaded over his shoulders.</p>
<p>Franca, still radiating astonishing charm despite her male attire, tossed the earring back to Lumian. She retrieved a black rubber band from her pocket and tied her long hair into a high ponytail.</p>
<p>“I’ve discovered traces of Bard!” the Demoness of Pleasure exclaimed with joy.</p>
<p>“Why Bard and not the other two?” Lumian sat in an armchair in front of the desk, tightly drawn curtains behind him.</p>
<p>Deliberately returning to Trier and bringing Franca to Port Santa for her assistance, Lumian believed himself inferior to the Demoness of Pleasure in divination and spirit channeling. Rather than wasting the truth serum, he sought Franca’s direct help. Additionally, he wanted Franca to assume the guise of his other identity, completely separating “him” from the adventurer Louis Berry. This would enable him to deceive those secretly monitoring him and potentially execute future deceptions.</p>
<p>Franca shared her findings from the spirit channeling today and the completed conversation.</p>
<p>“The fake Iru must first possess powers akin to a Faceless’s, followed by adept thieving skills. Long ago, I Know Someone mentioned that Bard is a Sequence 6 Prometheus of the Marauder pathway. It’s highly likely he’s even stronger now.</p>
<p>“If others hadn’t confirmed that Loki wasn’t involved in last year’s sea prayer ritual prank, at least not openly, he would have been the most suitable to impersonate Iru. Now, the probability of Iru being Bard is higher.</p>
<p>“As a Mid-Sequence Marauder Beyonder, perhaps he possesses an item similar to Lie. Maybe he prayed to that Celestial Worthy, undergoing a change in physique and appearance. Additionally, he could be imbued with mystical anti-divination and anti-prophecy traits. Marauder is one of the three pathways most easily influenced by Celestial Worthy.”</p>
<p>Lumian listened quietly, and a smile gradually formed on his face.</p>
<p>“Bard’s role and purpose in last year’s ritual are essentially clear.</p>
<p>“He disguised himself as a sailor, boarded the ship, stole the genuine ceremonial ring, and replaced it with a fake one. Then, he willingly leaped into the sea, feigning his death to make his escape!”</p>
<p>Lumian paused briefly before continuing, “The question now is, what roles did Mad Lady and Ultraman play in this matter? So far, their presence doesn’t seem to affect the final failure of the sea prayer ritual.”</p>
<p>Franca pursed her lips and paced back and forth.</p>
<p>“Mad Lady might handle receiving and communication. For instance, after Bard jumped into the sea, she could ‘teleport’ over and whisk him away to prevent him from being consumed by the tumultuous sea. Only a Traveler possesses such an ability.</p>
<p>“Ultraman is likely responsible for providing information about the sea prayer ritual and devising the corresponding plan. But that can’t be all. He probably has other roles…”</p>
<p>Lumian leaned back in his chair, stroking his chin thoughtfully.</p>
<p>“I concur with your hypothesis about Mad Lady, but according to the information we have, entering those special waters requires guidance from the Children of the Sea, following a specific route. How did Mad Lady ‘teleport’ inside? Was she lurking on the ship? Or does Bard carry some special coordinates with him? It’s certainly not a physical item; otherwise, it would have been discovered.</p>
<p>“As for Ultraman, I’ve always suspected he’s a native of Port Santa with a profound understanding of the sea prayer ritual. He likely orchestrated the prank last year.”</p>
<p>At this point, Lumian stood up.</p>
<p>“My intuition suggests that if we can uncover Ultraman’s actions in last year’s prank and identify his role beyond being the mastermind, we can discern April Fool’s true motives in this matter!”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
