<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch571.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-566-gathered-clues" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 566: Gathered Clues</h2>
<p>Solow Motel.</p>
<p>Lumian gazed at the red flames in the port district, tuning in to the distant commotion, anticipating potential visitors.</p>
<p>Before long, a knock echoed on the door.</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t wait for Lugano to wake up. He pivoted and strode to the door.</p>
<p>The moment he swung it open, Noelia, clad in brown leather armor and a wimple, stood before him.</p>
<p>Noelia’s expression was as cold as ice. She abruptly raised her hand and uttered ancient Hermes words, “Imprison!”</p>
<p>Lumian found himself instantly immobilized. Transparent walls or a viscous liquid seemed to encase him, turning him into an insect trapped in amber.</p>
<p>In the next second, Noelia unsheathed a straight sword from her back.</p>
<p>Simultaneously, Lumian’s pants tightened, as if he had grown taller and more robust. An explosive force emanated from his body.</p>
<p>The transparent “amber” restraining him creaked, revealing invisible cracks.</p>
<p>With a whoosh, Noelia clutched the hilt of her straight sword with both hands, slicing through the air, carving through the already shaky “prison,” aiming for Lumian’s head.</p>
<p>Lumian’s right fist, ready to strike, collided with the side of the straight sword, a condensed crimson, almost white flame accompanying the impact.</p>
<p>Amidst a deep and controlled explosion, the straight sword slanted, grazing the door frame as it descended to the ground.</p>
<p>Taking advantage of the situation, Noelia retreated, sheathed her sword, and inquired in Intisian, “Were you the one who blew up the Fisheries Guild?”</p>
<p>Upon witnessing this, Lumian refrained from retaliation. His body returned to its normal state as he smiled and replied, “It doesn’t matter if I blew it up. What matters is whether anyone can prove it.”</p>
<p>He understood that Noelia had issued a warning and wasn’t truly targeting him. Otherwise, she would have employed other Beyonder powers after the “Imprison” instead of slashing with her sword.</p>
<p>Noelia, upholding the dignity of maintaining order in Port Santa throughout the year, used a questioning tone typical for various suspects.</p>
<p>“Why did you go to such lengths? Why did you cause such a commotion?”</p>
<p>Lumian turned his head, signaling Lugano, who had awakened at the commotion, to return to sleep in the servant’s room.</p>
<p>Walking toward the recliner in the living room, he ignored Noelia’s question and smiled.</p>
<p>“I’ve discovered something.”</p>
<p>“Like what?” Noelia entered the suite and closed the wooden door behind her.</p>
<p>Lumian motioned toward the divan.</p>
<p>“Let’s have a seat and talk. I wouldn’t want you accusing me of being impolite.”</p>
<p>Noelia glanced at Lumian and grinned.</p>
<p>“What kind of politeness is there without greeting me by pressing your cheek against mine?”</p>
<p>Her demeanor was direct.</p>
<p>Lumian eased into the recliner and responded to the question, “For instance, last year’s sea prayer ritual failed.”</p>
<p>Noelia didn’t display surprise. She sat on the edge of the divan, leaning forward slightly to avoid the straight sword on her back from jabbing her.</p>
<p>“What else?”</p>
<p>Lumian pondered for a moment and casually remarked, “Also, the sea prayer ritual is a marriage to the sea.</p>
<p>“Furthermore, the Governor of the Sea is the husband of the sea, and the Maidens of the Sea embody the sea in the real world.</p>
<p>“Whether it’s the Governor of the Sea or the Maidens of the Sea, the offspring they bear are the Children of the Sea. The first one possesses the purest bloodline…”</p>
<p>Though Lumian was well aware that the offspring of the women the Governor of the Sea had slept with were descendants of the sea, whether they were Maidens of the Sea or not, with his profound mystical knowledge and extraordinary insights, he couldn’t help but consider that the Governor of the Sea having his children on his own was also part of the equation.</p>
<p><em>Phew, as expected, the more you know, the easier it is to be corrupted. I wouldn’t have thought so in the past…</em> Lumian sighed inwardly. Noelia, in surprise and admiration, sighed.</p>
<p>“You’ve made faster progress in your investigation than I anticipated. Most of it pieced together in such a short time.”</p>
<p><em>It’s been quite a while. My Language Comprehension charm will expire tomorrow. I wonder how much I’ll retain from this enhanced week of study…</em> Lumian grinned and teased, “Don’t tell me you think my reputation as a great adventurer was just boasting?”</p>
<p>“Claiming a bounty of 300,000 gold risot for the Demon Warlock certainly isn’t a boast,” Noelia diplomatically acknowledged, indicating she didn’t underestimate someone capable of hunting down such a target.</p>
<p>Content, she nodded and continued, “While many Beyonders wield impressive abilities, their intelligence often falls short. They revel in belligerence and flaunt their might, but you’re not one of them.</p>
<p>“Still, I must caution you not to push too far. Despite understanding your true motive for stirring up this commotion, we must uphold peace and order in Port Santa. Don’t make things difficult for us.”</p>
<p><em>Coupled with the warning, the implication is that you shouldn’t disrupt Port Santa’s current situation. You’re free to investigate the sea prayer ritual, but stirring up trouble with the Fisheries Guild is a no-go. What exactly does your Church of Earth Mother aim for? It seems like there’s a mixed desire—both wanting and not wanting some actions to be taken…</em> Lumian contemplated Noelia’s hint, a smile playing on his lips as he spoke, “If you had been more forthcoming, I wouldn’t have had to work this hard.”</p>
<p>Noelia offered a polite yet awkward smile.</p>
<p>“We lack extensive intel. All I can say is the Church allows the sea prayer ritual and the Fisheries Guild to obtain power from the sea for a reason, unrelated to our ability to solve it.</p>
<p>“I’m not privy to the reason—perhaps the Archbishop or our Fertility Order president could shed light.”</p>
<p>Lumian scoffed and said, “Then why allow my investigation of the sea prayer ritual?”</p>
<p>With a sigh, Noelia replied, “Do we need to know? We didn’t pry into your true motives for probing the ritual, did we?”</p>
<p>With that, the combat nun swiftly rose from the sofa, striding purposefully towards the suite’s door.</p>
<p>After a few steps, she halted, a thoughtful expression crossing her face.</p>
<p>“There are ancient traces concealed in the basement of the Governor of the Sea’s residence in Milo Village. They might unveil something crucial. It’s best to seize an opportunity to investigate.”</p>
<p><em>In the subterranean chamber beneath the Governor of the Sea’s residence? According to Franca’s account, Milo Village’s ancestors had left behind symbols and patterns. Does Noelia suggest these hold vital information? Is the reason for the Church of Earth Mother knowingly allowing the occurrence of the sea prayer ritual hidden in that chamber?</em></p>
<p><em>If Juan Oro isn’t deceptive or concealing the truth, and isn’t engaging in foul play, doesn’t that imply that the Church of Earth Mother possesses a deeper understanding of Milo Village’s ancestors than their own descendants? It makes sense. After all, they once obliterated Milo Village and eradicated the faction of those ancestors. Over the past thousand years, there has been no disruption in the legacy, maintaining a prominent position in the real world.</em> Lumian observed Noelia’s departure without pressing further.</p>
<p>As he returned to the master bedroom, preparing for sleep, the “doll” messenger dropped a folded piece of paper, swiftly departing without a greeting.</p>
<p><em>Ludwig isn’t that repulsive, except for being a bit ravenous and devouring everything, right?</em></p>
<p><em>Uh, Madam Magician does tend to stay up late. She’s quickest with her replies at night…</em> Lumian muttered under his breath as he picked up the response.</p>
<p>Swiftly unfolding it, he scanned the contents.</p>
<p>“Your performance in Port Santa has been impressive thus far.</p>
<p>“I won’t interfere or provide excessive guidance. This is a prime chance for you to further digest the Conspirer potion.</p>
<p>“I’ve roughly reconstructed that sentence and read it multiple times. It’s not in any language I know presently, but what I can confirm is its lack of natural power. However, it possesses a certain energy—language can possess such energy.</p>
<p>“What does this imply? It means that during the sea prayer ritual, it can’t serve as a sacrificial language or communicate with Beyonder items—in simpler terms, the sea.</p>
<p>“So why does the sea prayer ritual work? The key may lie within the ceremonial ring. There’s a high chance it has a distinct appearance, peculiar patterns, strong spirituality, and embedded knowledge. The sentence relies on its pronunciation, structure, and energy to activate the ring, making it functional.</p>
<p>“If you can recreate the ring’s state after the vigil ritual, I’m confident I can decode its specific effects and approximate meaning.”</p>
<p><em>That makes sense. When Lato Guiaro recited the words ‘I espouse thee, O sea…’ there were no indications of natural power being invoked. It must serve a different purpose…</em> Lumian gained a deeper understanding of the sea sacrificial segment after reading Madam Magician’s explanation.</p>
<p>Most of the clues seemed to await his infiltration of the Governor of the Sea’s residence.</p>
<hr />
<p>The next morning, Lugano led Ludwig through the streets, grabbing breakfast according to the boy’s cravings.</p>
<p>Out of nowhere, someone hurriedly passed by, head lowered, and seemingly slipped, accidentally bumping into him.</p>
<p>Lugano smoothly shifted his body, preventing the person from making contact.</p>
<p>He went the extra mile, helping the individual up and hypocritically saying, “Be careful.”</p>
<p>The man quickly pressed something into Lugano’s hand,</p>
<p>muttered an apology, and seamlessly melted into the crowd.</p>
<p>Lugano glanced down at his palm, revealing a crumpled white post-it note.</p>
<p>Unrushed, he didn’t immediately read the note. After securing breakfast for Ludwig, he returned to Solow Motel and briefed Lumian.</p>
<p>Lumian took the crumpled note, unfolding it with a nonchalant gesture.</p>
<p>In delicate handwriting, it conveyed: “After last year’s ritual, the sea experienced an anomaly.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
