<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch582.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-577-same-thoughts" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 577: Same Thoughts</h2>
<p>On the flower ship, Lato Guiaro extended his arms, and sunlight erupted from his body.</p>
<p>The sky dimmed, and the sea approached nothingness. Illusory stars emerged among them, expanding like distant suns.</p>
<p>In the next moment, Lato Guiaro swiftly spoke a few words in ancient Hermes with a grave expression, “God says entering dreams is ineffective!”</p>
<p>With the reinforcement of the sea’s power, he neared the status of a Sequence 4 demigod. This allowed him to employ the Notary’s “God says” ability more precisely, diminishing Hela’s capacity to compel people into entering dreams.</p>
<p>Without this intervention, if Hela used her ability to forcefully restrain him without guiding him into an easily interruptible dream to gather information, breaking free from such a demigod’s dream would prove challenging in a short time. He would become like a feral dog under anesthesia, at Lumian Lee’s mercy.</p>
<p>The choice of “entering dreams is ineffective” over “sleeping is ineffective” was deliberate. The former was more specific and avoided potential ambiguity related to various abilities. Additionally, the Evernight pathway’s induced slumber originated from being forcefully drawn into a dream, not the other way around. Essentially, it was a dream, not sleep.</p>
<p>As Lato Guiaro pronounced the ancient Hermes phrase “entering dreams is ineffective,” his body still felt as weighty as the humanoid Sealed Artifact, though not as exaggerated.</p>
<p>This stirred massive waves in the surrounding seawater, attempting to fill the void.</p>
<p>The sailboat manipulated by the undead creatures visibly swayed, nearly capsizing, severely impeding Hela’s further movements.</p>
<p>Immediately after, Lato Guiaro reclined even further. A miniature, bright sun manifested in his eyes.</p>
<p>Simultaneously, the ethereal sky and the stars emerging from the sea emitted light of varying intensities. They interweaved, crafting a splendid and pure blazing pillar of light.</p>
<p>The majestic pillar of light descended, enveloping the front half of the sailboat, where Hela stood. It melted the undead creatures there as if they had evaporated, leaving no trace of darkness.</p>
<p>Hela became engulfed by the pillar of light.</p>
<p>This was the Light of Holiness, an ability of a Sequence 5 Priest of the Light of the Sun pathway. Despite not consuming a corresponding Sequence 4 potion and lacking demigod-level abilities after becoming the temporary Governor of the Sea, Lato Guiaro could elevate his acquired abilities to near Sequence 4.</p>
<p>Moreover, the Light of Holiness had undergone a mutation. It no longer emanated from a single sun. All the stars in the Cosmic Void contributed to its power. Coupled with the uniqueness of these waters, while not as potent as the Sequence 4 Flaring Sun of this pathway in purifying and destroying impure entities, its attack range and area of influence had significantly expanded.</p>
<p>Having transmigrated into a Child of the Sea and possessing substantial boons, Lato Guiaro had carefully considered the Sun pathway potion, believing it posed no risks and might integrate with his bloodline and original abilities, bringing about remarkable changes.</p>
<p>The outcome aligned with his expectations.</p>
<p>Suddenly, Lato Guiaro pivoted.</p>
<p>In the space behind him, Lumian’s figure swiftly materialized.</p>
<p>He intended to exploit Lato Guiaro’s engagement with Hela to “teleport” closer, followed by a Spell of Harrumph.</p>
<p>Gone from his eyes was any suppressed violence or madness. There was no fear whatsoever, as if he didn’t concern himself with the consequences of failing to assail the Governor of the Sea at close range.</p>
<p>In Lato Guiaro’s dark and profound eyes, resplendent stars reflected. Before Lumian could utter the harrumph, he plunged into the void, disappearing beneath the vast and distant cosmos.</p>
<p>Lato Guiaro withdrew his gaze and focused on the sailboat illuminated by the residual light.</p>
<p>He found an adversary like Lumian Lee repulsive. It wasn’t that he couldn’t be forcibly eliminated, but doing so might only exacerbate matters. He could potentially incur the indiscriminate wrath of a high-ranking individual.</p>
<p>His decision was to leverage the authority of the Governor of the Sea to banish his foe into a self-created Cosmic Void, leaving him disoriented and unable to find an exit for the time being.</p>
<p>Once he assumed control of the spaceship and became the true Governor of the Sea, he planned to return and calmly resolve the issue.</p>
<p>At that precise moment, Juan Oro, entangled in a battle with the humanoid Sealed Artifact in his Cosmic Void, suddenly detected an anomaly.</p>
<p>His strength rapidly waned, and his dominion over the sea gradually diminished!</p>
<p>It seemed like his temporary authority as Governor of the Sea was being usurped.</p>
<p>In the blink of an eye, the tidal wave capable of shattering ships vanished from the Cosmic Void, followed by the illusory cosmos itself.</p>
<p>Juan Oro “reappeared” on the ship once more and “saw” the azure sea around him, towering like a mountain peak. He “saw” Simon Guiaro, closely linked to the sea.</p>
<p>“It’s you!” His roar coincided with an involuntary bend, as if an invisible force pressed him down to the floor.</p>
<p>The humanoid Sealed Artifact had also returned, reinstating a formidable weight.</p>
<p>Lato Guiaro gazed at her, his face covered in scales tinged with starlight. Then, he pointed at Hela’s ship and spoke in a fluent language, “¥%…&amp;*”</p>
<p>He didn’t comprehend the exact meaning of the sentence, but he understood that it could prompt the other party to attack a designated target.</p>
<p>Although he harbored no fear of Hela in these waters, he remained vigilant of Gandalf and others who might be on the ship. Therefore, he had to give his utmost effort.</p>
<p>The humanoid Sealed Artifact’s sorrow dissipated slightly, and it nodded blankly.</p>
<p>Her body pivoted towards the sailboat, which bobbed in the “underwater waves.”</p>
<p>In an instant, Lato Guiaro bent down and grasped his throat.</p>
<p><em>Waa!</em></p>
<p>He ejected a slender, sticky blob of flesh.</p>
<p>The flesh contorted and writhed, swiftly taking on a human form.</p>
<p>Lato Guiaro promptly straightened up and seized the moment to command,</p>
<p>“Mad Lady, open the passageway to the spaceship!”</p>
<p>He wasn’t concerned that Mad Lady might usurp the position of the Governor of the Sea and become the owner of the spaceship because she lacked the sea bloodline.</p>
<p>In the Cosmic Void crafted by Lato Guiaro, Lumian showed no urgency to find an exit or ascertain his coordinates. He simply teleported out.</p>
<p>He clasped his throat.</p>
<p><em>Waa!</em></p>
<p>He ejected a slender, sticky blob of flesh.</p>
<p>The flesh contorted and writhed, swiftly taking on a human form.</p>
<hr />
<p>Solow Motel, adjacent to Lumian’s suite.</p>
<p>Recalling that Invisibility and Shadow Concealment were futile against Marionettists, Jenna pondered ways to locate Loki’s true form.</p>
<p>Drawing on information from the Major Arcana card holders, she knew a Marionettist had to be within five meters of a target to transform individuals into marionettes. In other words, Loki was undoubtedly within a five-meter radius of Lugano.</p>
<p><em>Dammit, it’s all walls. My sight is blocked. Otherwise, spotting Loki would be easier. At this hour, most guests are away, celebrating the sea prayer ritual…</em></p>
<p><em>Walls… If there are no walls…</em></p>
<p>An idea struck Jenna.</p>
<p>She glanced at Anthony and blurted out, “Did you bring enough money?”</p>
<p>“What money?” In a rare instance, Anthony couldn’t decipher Jenna’s true thoughts.</p>
<p>Only then did Jenna realize her words had been too abrupt.</p>
<p>“Money to compensate the motel owner.</p>
<p>“I plan to blow up the opposite side, diagonally opposite, and the rooms below. We confirmed they’re empty. If anyone’s there, it’s Loki or his marionette!</p>
<p>“I’ll place the detonators here. They affect rooms within a seven-meter radius. Lugano will likely be injured, but with the lady as a shield and being a Doctor, he can handle it.</p>
<p>“Right, the explosion will attract the Fertility Order’s combat nuns!”</p>
<p>Jenna’s train of thought gradually flowed smoothly as she spoke.</p>
<p>Are you a Hunter or a Demoness? Have you been influenced by Lumian… Anthony mused inwardly. “Do it. Time is running out. Lumian will cover the compensation; he’s loaded.”</p>
<p>Jenna hurriedly searched her backpack for detonators. Simultaneously, she noticed Anthony setting up a simple altar.</p>
<p>Her heart stirred as she asked, “Do you wish to contact Madam Justice, Madam Judgment, or Madam Magician?”</p>
<p>“Either one works,” Anthony said seriously as he prepared for the ritual. “Although Madam Magician won’t appear until the end to prevent Loki and his backer from noticing, she mentioned that at least two Major Arcana cards will arrive early and provide assistance at critical moments.”</p>
<p>“Got it.” Jenna had been uncertain about when to reach out for help and inform their Major Arcana cardholders, so she had been contemplating handling it herself.</p>
<p>Given Anthony’s readiness to risk the disapproval of the Major Arcana cardholders, Jenna was naturally inclined to opt for the safest choice.</p>
<p>As Jenna stacked the detonators and other explosives near the adjacent door, Anthony Reid erected a spiritual barrier and summoned Madam Magician’s messenger, briefing her on Loki’s appearance.</p>
<p>Then, he swiftly took cover in the bathroom attached to the master bedroom, about six to seven meters away from the impending explosion.</p>
<p><em>Boom!</em></p>
<p>A fierce explosion tore through the fifth floor of Sauron Motel. Glass shattered, debris scattered, and crimson flames engulfed the surroundings.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
