<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch589.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-584-helper" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 584: “Helper”</h2>
<p>Inside the underwater spaceship, in the silvery hall.</p>
<p>Lumian, enveloped by crimson, nearly white flames, transformed into a fireball and hurtled towards Ultraman Lato Guiaro.</p>
<p>The key April Fool’s member remained composed. Holding his breath, he thrust forward with his left palm.</p>
<p>Lumian instantly sensed an invisible force resisting him, causing the blazing crimson fireball to decelerate abruptly, akin to a trapped insect in transparent amber.</p>
<p>Seizing the moment, Lato Guiaro raised his right hand, clenching it into a fist.</p>
<p>A ball of blazing white pure sunlight condensed and compressed, swiftly morphing into a thick, formidable laser aimed at Lumian, fused with the crimson near-white fireball.</p>
<p>This ability resulted from merging the Sun pathway and the Sea boon, utilizing the power of the Sun pathway to propel the Sea boon’s Weakening Ray. Though it no longer altered the target’s body gradually, causing various negative symptoms, its penetration and melting effects were significantly enhanced, capable of directly injuring or even killing the target.</p>
<p>In the enclosed, poisonous gas-filled environment with the constant threat of malice, Lato Guiaro sought to conclude the battle swiftly rather than wait for Lumian Lee to weaken gradually. Thus, he opted for Sun Ray instead of Weakening Ray.</p>
<p>At laser speed, Sun Ray struck the crimson fireball, melting a substantial hole into it.</p>
<p>The fireball lost its structural integrity and exploded, scattering like rain.</p>
<p>Yet, Lumian was nowhere among the remnants. He seemed to have vanished into thin air.</p>
<p>Simultaneously, behind Ultraman Lato Guiaro, Lumian’s figure, adorned with the Lie earring, swiftly materialized.</p>
<p>Initially, Lumian transformed into a fireball and soared towards Lato Guiaro, intending to force him into using Beyonder powers and counterattack. This allowed him to “fix” his original location, not shifting prematurely, creating an opportunity to “teleport” behind the target in the fireball state for a surprise attack.</p>
<p>Having faced bestowed of the sea before, Lumian was aware of Lato Guiaro’s ability to manipulate the weight or floatation of objects using the power of the land and stars, altering their speed.</p>
<p>To successfully use Spirit World Traversal in his fireball form, Lumian borrowed Lie’s Flame Controlling ability.</p>
<p>As his figure materialized, he promptly opened his mouth and hissed at Ultraman Lato Guiaro, less than two meters away.</p>
<p>“Ha!”</p>
<p>A pale-yellow beam, resembling gas, shot towards the April Fool’s key member.</p>
<p>Lato Guiaro didn’t have time to turn around, sensing the impending danger through his fate perception, a skill obtained from deciphering the Language of the Stars Beyonder powers.</p>
<p>Specks of starlight emerged in his eyes. He identified several “passages” in the silver hall suffused with cerulean-blue gasses, imperceptible to ordinary humans. Hastily choosing one, he pounced over—a navigating ability bestowed by the sea.</p>
<p>Simultaneously, uncertain of evading the attack from behind, Lato Guiaro infused the surroundings with layers of golden light.</p>
<p>This was the Purification Halo of a Sequence 5 Priest of Light of the Sun pathway.</p>
<p>Amidst the harrumph, the pale-yellow beam swept past Lato Guiaro’s back, hidden somewhere in the void.</p>
<p>The key member of April Fool’s, code name Ultraman, fainted, but his momentum remained. He continued into the illusory passageway, hidden from ordinary eyes, traversing space and dimensions.</p>
<p>Lumian, within two meters, couldn’t “teleport” away in time and was enveloped by the Purification Halo.</p>
<p>His heart ached, as if something sought to tear his body apart and crawl out.</p>
<p>Faintly, he heard the illusory ravings of the entity known as Inevitability, Mr. Fool, or both.</p>
<p>Unclear but unsettling, they made Lumian’s brain feel pulled out of his skull by an invisible hand.</p>
<p>Despite an Ascetic’s endurance, Lumian couldn’t help but groan in pain. Collapsing to the ground, he curled up.</p>
<p>A similar experience occurred in his Cordu dream, a reaction after being sprinkled by Valentine’s holy water. Lato Guiaro’s Purification Halo, an advanced Sun Halo, had evolved from harmless to a partial Sun Holy Water effect. It could exorcize evil spirits and purify the evil power within a target’s body.</p>
<p>As Lato Guiaro lay unconscious, the Purification Halo vanished in a flash, only partially dispelling the poisonous gas.</p>
<p>Similarly, the unconscious Lato Guiaro couldn’t progress through the illusory passageway, breaking free and falling three to four meters in front of Lumian. The impact left him in pain, slowly regaining consciousness.</p>
<p>At that moment, Lumian slowly recovered from the intense pain induced by the Purification Halo.</p>
<p>Lato Guiaro, just waking up and still uncertain of the situation, instinctively re-entered the illusory passageway to increase the distance between himself and Lumian Lee. This move aimed to avoid another strike from Lumian’s Psychic Piercing-like ability or any other unforeseen attacks.</p>
<p>Upon crawling back to the hall through the exit of the illusory passageway, Lumian had already raised his head and regained his composure, though his forehead was soaked in cold sweat.</p>
<p>Observing this, Lato Guiaro felt neither pity, disappointment, nor regret. Instead, he was pleasantly surprised.</p>
<p><em>It’s effective!</em></p>
<p><em>Purification Halo is effective against Lumian Lee!</em></p>
<p>After confirming that the adventurer Louis Berry was indeed Lumian Lee, Lato Guiaro contemplated how to strategize if he were to engage in a battle with him.</p>
<p>It was simple with the authority of the Governor of the Sea. He could repeatedly cast the other party into the Cosmic Void, making him lose himself over and over. Without the Governor of the Sea’s authority, he had to consider how to exploit Lumian Lee’s vulnerabilities.</p>
<p>Lumian Lee’s unique characteristics were clear—possessing a sealing power of the same origin as the Celestial Worthy, with a high-ranking creature sealed within him.</p>
<p>Beyonders in this state often had false high-level statuses and enjoyed numerous conveniences, but they were susceptible to the Sun pathway’s abilities.</p>
<p>Lato Guiaro wasn’t certain about the effectiveness of the Sun Halo, Cleave of Purification, and other abilities, nor was he sure of the Purification Halo’s potency. The only certainty lay in the effectiveness of the Sun Holy Water he could create.</p>
<p>Therefore, if the Purification Halo proved ineffective against Lumian Lee, he would swiftly produce Sun Holy Water and sprinkle it on him.</p>
<p>Looking at Lumian, Lato Guiaro smiled, once again dyeing the surroundings golden as layer after layer spread out.</p>
<p>This sealed environment was ideal for employing the Purification Halo. It denied Lumian Lee a chance to distance himself or “teleport” closer. The entire hall was essentially enveloped by the Purification Halo!</p>
<p>Furthermore, in the spaceship, there was no fear of Lumian Lee losing control and transforming into a monster, unleashing the high-level creature within his body. An intruder at this level would inevitably trigger the spaceship’s automatic defense system targeting him. Lato Guiaro might then seize control of the spaceship!</p>
<p><em>Didn’t your sister tell you something Emperor Roselle once said?</em></p>
<p><em>If you rely on something to obtain specialness and become stronger, you will definitely be punished because of it!</em></p>
<p>Upon seeing the surging layers of golden light, Lumian raised his right hand and vanished.</p>
<p><em>Where is he “teleporting” to this time? As long as he’s in the hall, he can’t avoid the Purification Halo!</em> Lato Guiaro watched the other party’s struggle with certainty and a smile.</p>
<p>Unless Lumian Lee chose to leave the hall, it was impossible for him not to be affected by the Purification Halo. With the spaceship’s barrier raised, the door closed, and the place sealed, and using the unique power of the sea, if he wanted to “teleport” out, he had to first destroy the surrounding walls or metal doors to create an exit.</p>
<p>This was also advantageous for Lato Guiaro.</p>
<p>No one knew what the spaceship would unleash in this hall next!</p>
<p>Layer after layer of Purification Halos rapidly “drowned” Lumian’s original location, but nothing happened. Lumian’s figure was nowhere to be seen in the silver-white hall.</p>
<p><em>Wh…</em> Lato Guiaro’s pupils constricted.</p>
<p><em>Where did Lumian Lee go?</em></p>
<p><em>Is his teleportation ability unaffected by the sealed interior of the spaceship?</em></p>
<p><em>Or has he gone into hiding?</em></p>
<p>Lato Guiaro’s heart skipped a beat; he extended his right hand and pulled.</p>
<p>The void in the hall stirred, unveiling an abnormal area nestled between two walls, flanked by dark holes emitting cerulean-blue gas.</p>
<p><em>Creating an unstable space and hiding inside to avoid the Purification Halo? That’s true. The Purification Halo’s purpose is to exorcize, purify, warm, and provide courage. Without substantial offensive power, it can’t destroy the structure of that space… Lumian Lee actually possesses such an ability.</em> Lato Guiaro quickly saw through Lumian’s trick. Calmly raising his right hand, he condensed a penetrating dark-green ray.</p>
<p>Simultaneously, he harnessed his basic control over gravity to pull at the fabricated space.</p>
<p>The dark-green ray struck the spot where it had been pulled, instantly penetrating and obliterating the structure.</p>
<p>Silently shattered, the dark-green ray continued forward, hitting a silver-white full-body armor with its back turned to Lato Guiaro.</p>
<p>The dark-green ray, now weakened to a certain extent, faded away.</p>
<p>The silver-white full-body armor suddenly pivoted, and two pairs of eyes appeared to lock onto Lato Guiaro from within the vacant helmet.</p>
<p>In the next moment, it charged toward the April Fool’s key member, forming a broadsword of light in its hand.</p>
<p>As the silver-white full-body armor rushed out, Lumian’s figure emerged in the corner.</p>
<p>He had utilized the terrain there to arrange a simple Bottle of Fiction, using the large hole that emitted poisonous gas as a symbolic window. His goal was twofold: first, to evade the influence of the Purification Halo, and second, to position the Pride Armor with its back facing Lato Guiaro.</p>
<p>Yes, this cursed armor might only target someone standing a certain distance behind it, but it might not. What if that person not only stood more than ten meters behind it but also attempted to attack it by stabbing it in the back?</p>
<p>The answer was clear!</p>
<p>Now, Lumian had a capable helper unafraid of the Purification Halo.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
