<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch585.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-580-theft" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 580: Theft</h2>
<p>Bard pivoted on his heels, fixing his eyes on the door.</p>
<p>A moment lingered in silence, but no one rapped against the wooden barrier. The once-present soft footsteps in the corridor had now faded into nothingness.</p>
<p>As a seasoned Beyonder, Bard dismissed the notion of hallucination. Returning to the servant’s bed, he grabbed the backpack containing the spoils of the year, feigning an escape from the Governor of the Sea’s residence before confirming the outcome of the sea prayer ritual.</p>
<p>Such precautions were only sensible. Not everyone placed full trust in Juan Oro’s promises.</p>
<p>Bard slung the backpack over his shoulder and slyly opened the window, aiming to slip into the weeds below.</p>
<p>Suddenly, a figure, standing over a meter tall, emerged from the shadows in the corner. Its disproportionately large head and wrinkled face identified it as one of the Little Devils from the sea spawn.</p>
<p>The Little Devil gestured for Bard to close the glass window.</p>
<p><em>Just a bunch of creatures with low IQs</em>, Bard thought, mocking them inwardly. <em>Despite generations, they have yet to master Highlander and can only barely communicate like dogs…</em></p>
<p>Maintaining a timid expression, Bard closed the window.</p>
<p>Having tested the waters, he had a rough idea of where the sea spawn responsible for monitoring him were hiding.</p>
<p>None of them appeared to have any connection to the soft footsteps echoing in the corridor, nor did they seem aware of them.</p>
<hr />
<p>On the betrothal boat, Mad Lady, draped in a blood-colored dress with a portion of her face showing pure flesh and blood, instantly vanished upon spotting Mr. K and Lumian. She swiftly changed her position.</p>
<p>Simultaneously, a figure materialized behind and to her side—Lumian and Mr. K.</p>
<p>Employing their teleportation abilities, they blocked Mad Lady.</p>
<p>After Mad Lady shifted to the opposite side of the deck, the corners of her mouth, made of pure flesh and blood, curled up. Her grayish-green eyes gleamed with anticipation and excitement.</p>
<p><em>Come and attack me. Chase me. This way, no one will use the item that honored the ancestors to steal the deep power about to erupt. Let’s see who reacts the fastest and ‘teleports’ out of these waters when the time comes!</em></p>
<p>For those unable to escape in time, they would undoubtedly be torn to pieces by the violent power, much like the fate that befell others on the ship!</p>
<p>As these thoughts raced through her mind, Mad Lady swiftly turned transparent, evading Lumian’s crimson near-white fireballs and Mr. K’s light-green wind blades.</p>
<p>Amidst the rumbling explosion, Ultraman Lato Guiaro was equally infuriated by Mad Lady’s actions. If he were still the temporary and complete Governor of the Sea, he wouldn’t fear the impact of the potent power in the spaceship. He hadn’t intended to release Mad Lady and use Bard’s silver ring.</p>
<p>However, the situation had changed. Juan Oro, burning his life and sacrificing flesh and blood, had contested him for the authority of the Governor of the Sea.</p>
<p>In this state, Ultraman couldn’t be certain if he was fully protected or if he would suffer some level of damage. Furthermore, not being a true demigod, he wasn’t sure if he could withstand such a blow, one that left him only injured.</p>
<p>He couldn’t help but urge Mad Lady with his eyes, but his companion was ‘teleporting’ and didn’t have time to meet his gaze. The humanoid Sealed Artifact remained immersed in distant chanting in the darkness, oblivious to the impending sea’s fury.</p>
<p>In the blink of an eye, corporeal starlight surged from the silver-gray behemoth at the bottom of the sea. It followed the condensed energy passageway and struck the betrothal ship with a tsunami-like sound, aiming to devour everything around it.</p>
<p>“Here it comes!” Mad Lady eagerly prepared for her extreme escape.</p>
<p>Confronted with the immense wave of starlight, Lumian’s initial reaction was, <em>Why is there another sea’s fury?</em></p>
<p>Relying on his combat instincts, he immediately extended his spirituality to the Lie earring on his left ear, activating the high-level stealing power attached to the mystical item.</p>
<p>The starlight in his eyes took on a more tangible form, as if it had materialized.</p>
<p>Lumian’s raised left hand subtly twisted his wrist.</p>
<p>The starlight surging from the silver-gray behemoth changed its course, rushing towards Lumian in waves, engulfing the sky and the sea.</p>
<p>This was even more terrifying than the previous sea’s rage. At that moment, Lumian felt as if an apocalypse had descended.</p>
<p>He knew very well that he couldn’t absorb all the stolen power himself. Doing so would render him unable to endure, crushed into rotten meat on the spot, indirectly aiding Termiboros in escaping His predicament. Fortunately, the stolen power linked to “honoring the ancestors” had the ability to disperse the boon obtained and share it with everyone present and all those with the sea bloodlines in Port Santa, similar to every successful sea prayer ritual.</p>
<p>Though a bit greedy and reluctant, Lumian restrained himself. Without hesitation, he opened his left hand, seemingly grasping something, and twisted his wrist in the opposite direction.</p>
<p>Suddenly, the starlight that had darkened the sky and sea seemed to explode from within, scattering radiant starlight in every direction.</p>
<p>“The stars are raining…” Franca, concealed in the cabin on the sailboat, lamented.</p>
<p>She tightly clutched the Major Arcana card belonging to Judgment in her hand.</p>
<p>This wasn’t a plea for Madam Judgment to descend directly. After all, this wasn’t within her jurisdiction. It was to signal the location for the Major Arcana card holders who had already gathered nearby.</p>
<p>The beams of starlight left dazzling trails as they penetrated the bodies of those nearby and soared towards the bloodline connections farther away.</p>
<p>Lumian couldn’t control this process, so he could only sense a portion of the starlight landing on him, causing his left chest to burn and corrode his flesh. Simultaneously, he witnessed a significant amount of starlight being drawn towards the potent sea bloodline and the authority of the Governor of the Sea, surging towards Ultraman and Juan Oro.</p>
<p>Undoubtedly, the humanoid Sealed Artifact received the most boons.</p>
<p>Like the eye of a vortex, she incessantly absorbed the surrounding starlight. Even the starlight heading towards Hela’s sailboat diminished noticeably.</p>
<p>Ultraman experienced a replenishment, breaking free from his weakened state after Juan Oro’s two beams, swiftly reclaiming the authority of the Governor of the Sea.</p>
<p>In his moment of elation, Ultraman Lato Guiaro felt intense surprise and confusion.</p>
<p><em>Why can Lumian Lee also steal the spacecraft’s power?</em></p>
<p><em>That requires a high-level stealing ability…</em></p>
<p><em>Hasn’t Bard’s ring already been placed on the altar to honor the ancestors? And we’ve confirmed its corresponding effects.</em></p>
<p><em>Isn’t the enchantment only possible once a year?</em></p>
<p>Amidst the echoing shock, Lato Guiaro couldn’t be bothered to ponder the answer. His instinctive reaction was to swiftly crush Juan Oro. Otherwise, who knew what he, now strengthened, would do!</p>
<p>At that moment, Juan Oro felt a surge of regained strength. He observed his cracked chest and hazy flesh, now covered in starlight scales, with blood flowing out dyed in a resplendent “color.”</p>
<p>Gazing at Lato Guiaro, he suddenly smiled—a smile of relief, yearning, and evident anger.</p>
<p>His body underwent a rapid transformation, eyes turning vertical, scales growing, and limbs thickening. In the span of a breath, he morphed into a humanoid lizard.</p>
<p>During this process, Lato Guiaro condensed a dark-green light that descended on Juan Oro in a series of rays.</p>
<p>Juan Oro made no attempt to dodge; he endured it.</p>
<p>His aura rapidly weakened, precisely as he desired.</p>
<p>His lizard-like form faded, growing increasingly translucent, as if condensed from starlight.</p>
<p>Then, Juan Oro merged into the void representing the sea and spoke to Lato Guiaro with a complex expression, “I’ve returned to the sea. Come quickly too…”</p>
<p>At the last few words, Juan Oro gnashed his teeth, not concealing his deep-seated hatred.</p>
<p>Every Child of the Sea was prepared to return to the sea, and Juan Oro was no exception. However, he hadn’t anticipated doing so in this manner.</p>
<p>His sole desire now was for Lato Guiaro to join him!</p>
<p>Juan Oro’s figure dissipated, becoming entirely a part of the “sea.”</p>
<p>Ultraman Lato Guiaro immediately sensed a growing animosity between his title as Governor of the Sea and the waters. The harmony that once existed had given way to a resistance emanating from the Power of the Sea.</p>
<p>This indicated that the Governor of the Sea authority he had acquired wouldn’t be complete for some time.</p>
<p><em>Damned old fellow!</em> Lato Guiaro cursed inwardly, but he remained composed.</p>
<p>He had realized that Hela was the sole demigod on the sailboat. The humanoid Sealed Artifact, having received a boon from the sea and escaped the influence of the chanting, was sufficient to hold off the opposition for a while.</p>
<p>Though uncertain why Gandalf and the others hadn’t arrived, Ultraman Lato Guiaro welcomed this turn of events.</p>
<p>It allowed him to focus on dealing with Lumian Lee and his ally!</p>
<p>Despite being an incomplete Governor of the Sea, he possessed enough strength to control adversaries below the demigod level briefly and gain entry to the spaceship first. Moreover, Mad Lady’s assistance added to his advantage.</p>
<p>Having received the sea’s boon, Lumian contemplated his newfound capabilities.</p>
<p><em>Now, I seem qualified to contend for the authority of the Governor of the Sea…</em></p>
<p><em>Although I can’t be considered to possess the sea bloodline and only wield some power of the sea lasting a week, far inferior to Ultraman, my fake level is high enough. I’m at the Angel level!</em></p>
<p>Just as Ultraman Lato Guiaro and Lumian responded swiftly, the gray sky suddenly brightened.</p>
<p>Thick bluish-green vines descended, shrouding the two ships and the surrounding area in torrential rain. Soon, they intertwined into a giant-like forest growing above the sea.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
