<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch588.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-583-celestial-worthys-revelation" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 583: Celestial Worthy’s Revelation</h2>
<p>Around the betrothal ship and sailboat, thick turquoise vines cascaded from the sky. They entwined, creating a “road” leading to various destinations.</p>
<p>“Cinderella” returned to the orange-yellow pumpkin coach, pulled by gray mice swiftly descending through the vines. They approached the energy passageway formed by pure light, as if about to enter the silver-gray behemoth embedded in the seabed.</p>
<p>Abruptly, the mischief of gray mice came to a halt. “Cinderella,” adorned in a purple robe, wore a solemn expression, purple spots dancing in her pupils.</p>
<p>“Cinderella” sensed an unusually perilous presence deep within the silver-gray behemoth. It remained motionless, as if in a deep slumber or long dead. However, in either case, her intuition warned her not to approach, lest she suffer severe corruption or similar effects.</p>
<p>Staring at the energy passageway where Lumian and company had vanished, she deliberated for a few seconds before shifting her focus to the sailboat.</p>
<p>With Mr. Fool’s seal on the Seven of Wands and the sealed evil god’s angel, he didn’t have to worry about the problem that even she had to be wary of—as long as he didn’t directly see those things, hear its voice, or enter the core area.</p>
<p>As for the other one, he seemed to be a Shepherd, so he didn’t mind being even crazier.</p>
<p>“Cinderella” observed the mast and shipboard of the sailboat cracking under the terrifying suction of the humanoid Sealed Artifact’s “heaviness” characteristic. She was ready to make her move when she retrieved a Roselle chess piece from her dark-purple coin bag and hurled it at the target in the black nun’s attire.</p>
<p>Amidst the howling wind, the Queen chess piece soared towards the humanoid Sealed Artifact, accompanied by various miscellaneous items.</p>
<p>As it descended, the humanoid Sealed Artifact’s steps towards the sailboat slowed, as if time itself was warping around her.</p>
<p>This was one of the spells of “Cinderella”—the Chessboard of Ages.</p>
<p>It had the power to decelerate the target as if they had entered an area where time moved at a different speed.</p>
<p>Seizing the opportunity presented by the sluggish movement, “Cinderella” closed her eyes and transformed into a humanoid phantom, collapsing into the invisible coffin.</p>
<p>The eyelids of the humanoid Sealed Artifact drooped, as if she might succumb to sleep at any moment.</p>
<p>Sleeping Beauty magic!</p>
<p>Witnessing this, Hela, aboard the sailboat, once again activated the Evernight pathway’s ability to forcibly drag people into a dream.</p>
<p>Although the notarization wouldn’t immediately expire with Ultraman Lato Guiaro’s loss of the Governor of the Sea authority, it would still last until the end. However, the ability to be invalidated by notarization wasn’t entirely ineffective. It would only be weakened, and its effects would be significantly reduced. Now, the humanoid Sealed Artifact was already fatigued, swaying and on the verge of falling asleep.</p>
<p>In this state, entering a dream was undoubtedly much easier.</p>
<p>The humanoid Sealed Artifact, donned in a black nun’s attire, finally closed her eyes and plunged into a deep slumber. She entered a somewhat sorrowful dream, causing her face to contort slightly as she frowned.</p>
<p>On the sailboat, a dense darkness surged once more, enveloping the humanoid Sealed Artifact, resonating with a distant voice that brought peace and tranquility.</p>
<p>It was akin to a mother reciting a poem to lull her child to sleep, fostering a serene slumber.</p>
<p>The humanoid Sealed Artifact, still in her black nun’s attire, hovered in midair with her eyes tightly shut. She descended slowly, landing gracefully on the deck of the sailboat.</p>
<p>Her brows gradually relaxed, her face softened, and crystalline water droplets formed at the corners of her eyes.</p>
<p>The Maidens of the Sea, deputy hosts, and sailors, blessed by the sea and adorned with starlight scales, swiftly settled in the darkness, succumbing to sleep amidst the enchanting chanting.</p>
<p>Franca, within the sail cabin, was taken aback by the unfolding battle.</p>
<p><em>I-isn’t that Cinderella?</em></p>
<p><em>I-isn’t that Jack and the Beanstalk?</em></p>
<p><em>What manner of magic is this?</em></p>
<p><em>I-isn’t that Sleeping Beauty?</em></p>
<p><em>Who is this? Have I arrived in a fairyland?</em></p>
<p><em>I have to admit, it’s truly dreamlike…</em></p>
<p><em>Two demigods working together are undoubtedly formidable. They swiftly subdued the humanoid Sealed Artifact…</em></p>
<p><em>I also wish to become a demigod!</em></p>
<p><em>A Demoness demigod would do too…</em></p>
<p>Regaining her senses, Franca concealed herself and sprinted out of the sailboat. Utilizing her run-up and an Assassin’s Feather Fall, she elegantly leaped onto the betrothal ship, intending to approach the energy passageway at the bow.</p>
<hr />
<p>Within the silver-gray behemoth.</p>
<p>After Lumian traversed the energy passageway, he found himself not in the metal beehive he had seen before.</p>
<p>Walking on the silvery-white metal floor, he noticed a hall dozens of meters long and 20 to 30 meters wide ahead.</p>
<p>In the middle of the hall, Ultraman Lato Guiaro stood, donning Simon Guiaro’s face, and shouted in delight, “*(…¥#)”</p>
<p>This represented the first half of the command to activate the spaceship by entering the password and gaining access.</p>
<p>However, there was no response from the spaceship.</p>
<p><em>Crap… It still holds ill intentions towards me and isn’t willing to grant access… This malice stems from that demigod’s ability. It shouldn’t last long. As long as I can stall for time, I should be able to regain control… Can the humanoid Sealed Artifact hold back two demigods? Or can I rely on the spaceship’s internal layout to play “hide and seek?”</em> A series of thoughts raced through Ultraman’s anxious mind.</p>
<p>At that moment, through the translucent metal wall to the side of the hall, he saw “Cinderella” in the pumpkin coach come to a halt near the energy passageway, seemingly apprehensive about something.</p>
<p><em>As expected!</em></p>
<p><em>She doesn’t dare to enter!</em></p>
<p>Exhilaration surged from Ultraman Lato Guiaro’s heart.</p>
<p>Before the mission kicked off, Loki had set up an altar and sought guidance from Celestial Worthy through divination. The response he got was: Contains a high risk from high-ranking individuals. Avoidable by entering the spaceship.</p>
<p>Loki decoded this as a warning about Hela and Gandalf from the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society, as well as the Saint from the Church of Earth Mother overlooking Port Santa. These high-ranking figures were the primary threats. However, if he could take the reins of the mystical sci-fi spaceship first, he believed he could outmaneuver these formidable opponents.</p>
<p>Now, Lato Guiaro noticed that even without absolute control of the spaceship, the new demigod hesitated, as if haunted by an unseen fear.</p>
<p>Facing something capable of unsettling a demigod left Lato Guiaro uneasy. However, armed with the spaceship’s command and password, he could soon turn potential threats to his advantage. There was no need for fear.</p>
<p>As Lumian was on the brink of “teleporting” behind Ultraman Lato Guiaro, they both heard a metallic clang.</p>
<p>A silver metal door descended, sealing off the hall’s entrance and exit completely.</p>
<p>The walls, ceiling, and floor transformed as metal surfaces shifted and revealed dark pipe openings.</p>
<p>Out gushed cerulean-blue gas.</p>
<p>Poison gas! Lato Guiaro’s heart raced as he grasped the situation.</p>
<p>The spaceship, still imbued with malice, not only resisted control but also emanated lethal intent, seeking to eliminate him before its animosity subsided.</p>
<p>The magic of the demigod outside is malicious indeed!</p>
<p>Lumian perceived this as an instinctive strike from the silver-gray behemoth against intruders. Swiftly, he tapped into the power of the sea, aiming to invoke the temporary authority of the Governor of the Sea to counter the threat.</p>
<p>He could sense that Ultraman had lost the Governor of the Sea’s position after the attack from the “Cinderella” demigod, with no immediate prospect of reclaiming it. With no contenders for the authority, Lumian anticipated an easy acquisition.</p>
<p>Yet, the “waters” resisted, refusing Lumian the temporary position of Governor of the Sea.</p>
<p>Its malice seemed directed at anyone attempting control!</p>
<p>Undeterred, Lumian shifted his focus back to Ultraman Lato Guiaro, a crucial member of April Fool’s.</p>
<p>Lato Guiaro’s heart stirred as he shouted, “Do you want to fight here? If we don’t break out and waste no time, we’ll all die!”</p>
<p>In this dire moment, a plan to escape the hall and relocate became paramount. The malice wouldn’t linger for long.</p>
<p><em>Seek vengeance in a safe space. If we perish here, who will assist in eliminating the others?</em></p>
<p>Lumian nonchalantly flexed his wrists, donning the Flog boxing gloves, and grinned, stating,</p>
<p>“I don’t care about my own death. All that matters now is one thing: Ending you!”</p>
<p>As the words left his lips, crimson flames, bordering on white, erupted from his entire being, as if he were cloaked in a fiery shroud.</p>
<hr />
<p>Not far from Lumian and Lato Guiaro, Mad Lady and Mr. K found themselves in the beehive-like metal room, unable to enter the hall ahead.</p>
<p>Surveying the surroundings, Mr. K’s gaze swept across the incubating Batings Black Insect, Little Devils, and other creatures. He nodded in satisfaction.</p>
<p>“It’s indeed the power of an evil god, spawn of an evil god. Well done, Lumian! Well done! This is all part of God’s arrangement!”</p>
<p>Amidst the hoarse voice, the Aurora Order Oracle turned his gaze back to Mad Lady.</p>
<p>Mad Lady wasn’t intimidated. Instead, she applauded in agreement with Mr. K.</p>
<p>She spoke as if they were on different frequencies.</p>
<p>“That’s right, it’s cool, right? This is a spaceship!”</p>
<p>In the next moment, Mad Lady and Mr. K vanished simultaneously and reappeared behind where the other party had been standing, as if they had negotiated a position switch beforehand.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
