<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch583.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-578-marionettes" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 578: Marionettes</h2>
<p>Amidst the thunderous explosion, the partition separating the two suites and the one facing the corridor crumbled simultaneously, wreaking havoc on nearby furniture, the ceiling above, the floor beneath their feet, and the rooms opposite, swiftly enveloping them in a surging inferno.</p>
<p>Jenna hadn’t utilized all the explosives; otherwise, the entire fifth and fourth floors of Solow Motel would have collapsed in unison. Nevertheless, a section of the roof gave way, and the floor was strewn in chaos. The epicenter of the blast unveiled the room below.</p>
<p>As the walls of the adjacent rooms succumbed to the onslaught, the bricks and wood propelled by the shockwave slammed into Giorgia, causing her back to buckle, and her head to split open, unleashing a flow of vivid red blood. Lugano snapped out of his intermittent thoughts and bodily stiffness, regaining his composure.</p>
<p>Subsequently, he experienced searing pain as the violent shockwave, mixed with flames and debris, hurled him through the air.</p>
<p>Had it not been for Giorgia shielding him and with his robust Planter’s physique, he likely would have faced severe injuries, teetering on the brink of death. Limbs could have been severed, or vital points struck. Despite this, he ended up a battered mess, with a few bones broken, nearly succumbing to unconsciousness.</p>
<p>Ludwig had sought refuge under the dining table at some point—along with his food. With the advantage of distance and the makeshift “shield,” he only bore the impact of the collapsed table.</p>
<p>Simultaneously, Jenna and Anthony burst out of the master bedroom washroom in their suite, their gazes fixed on the adjacent rooms where walls had crumbled, filling the air with swirling dust.</p>
<p>They vaguely discerned a figure.</p>
<p>The figure, bearing a striking resemblance to Rubió Paco, stood beside the upturned recliner.</p>
<p><em>Loki!</em> Jenna wasted no time. She condensed a dark, illusory flame and sent it hurtling towards her target.</p>
<p>Behind her, Anthony Reid’s eyes took on a golden tint, pupils dilating. He was poised to lock onto Loki, ready to unleash Frenzy—a technique that would plunge Loki into an emotionally and psychologically triggered state, rendering him incapable of rational thought and effective response.</p>
<p>Just as Anthony and Jenna prepared to strike, their vision darkened, and Loki vanished.</p>
<p>They found themselves in a void, no blue sky or white clouds above, no solid ground below—just darkness embellished with a myriad of stars.</p>
<p>Cosmic Void!</p>
<p>This semi-real, semi-false illusion was a creation achievable by a Child of the Sea at a certain level.</p>
<p>In the void, Jenna and Anthony beheld a widowed woman in a black bonnet with subtle wrinkles in front of them.</p>
<p>Martha!</p>
<p>The Paco family’s matriarch, now a marionette under Loki’s control, was hidden in the room where Loki manipulated the Spirit Body Threads.</p>
<p>With sufficient preparation time, how could Loki not perform with his marionettes? He had two puppets with Beyonder powers, and this was one of them. Another remained concealed, with the last slot reserved for specific situations, adaptable at will. It could be switched once an enemy was under control.</p>
<p>When Loki posed as Rubió Paco, bringing Madam Martha to meet the Governor of the Sea, the family’s matriarch was already a marionette. Thus, he had to ensure she stayed within his control range.</p>
<p>Lugano discerned Madam Martha’s severe injuries primarily because a marionette was essentially comparable to a lifeless entity. A Marionettist’s manipulation of her Spirit Body Threads allowed her to execute various actions, mimicking living characteristics. To a Sequence 8 Doctor, this appeared as grave injuries.</p>
<p>Had Lumian not infrequently observed others’ luck without forming a habit, he would have realized that Madam Martha’s fate was off. It was eerily still, resembling death.</p>
<p>Martha, a subtle smile on her face, lifted her right hand, a spectral green light coalescing at her fingertips.</p>
<p>The radiance morphed into a beam that streaked towards Jenna.</p>
<p>Having heard Lumian explain the sea bloodline’s abilities, Jenna, at the sight of the spectral green light, rolled out of the Cosmic Void. Anthony followed suit. He refrained from using Frenzy on Martha since a marionette, essentially dead, wouldn’t succumb to frenzy.</p>
<p>In the next moment, they both felt a weightiness, plummeting swiftly through the empty cosmos. They experienced the weightlessness Franca occasionally mentioned.</p>
<p>In the blink of an eye, Jenna and Anthony landed on the ground and steadied themselves, yet Martha was nowhere to be seen. The empty cosmos was shattering inch by inch.</p>
<p>They were still in Solow Motel, but they had descended from the fifth floor to the fourth.</p>
<p>This was because the mid- to low-level Cosmic Void resembled more of an illusion. There would be a barrier akin to a wall of spirituality around them. After falling into it, their bodies remained in reality. As they rolled and dodged, Martha nudged them forcefully with her formless power, causing them to plunge into the floor cavity created by the explosives.</p>
<p>Jenna didn’t hesitate. She sprinted up the wall, seized a crack, and flipped back to the fifth floor where the explosion had occurred.</p>
<p>She saw Lugano tending to his injuries, and Loki and Madam Martha were absent from the room diagonally opposite.</p>
<p>Ludwig, who had hidden under the dining table, had vanished as well!</p>
<p>On Aquina Street, amid a lively folk celebration, Loki, having transformed into an inconspicuous passerby, carried Ludwig, who had “fallen asleep,” through the crowd.</p>
<p>His other marionette, a Soul Assurer of the Evernight pathway, stayed concealed on the opposite side of Lumian’s suite, ready to exert influence on the target.</p>
<p>Initially, Loki had dispatched his temporary marionette, Giorgia, to handle Lugano. He had manipulated the Doctor’s Spirit Body Threads but refrained from deploying his more potent marionettes. It wasn’t due to fear of alerting Ludwig, but rather a concern that an unseen adversary might be lurking in the shadows. After all, several lodgers in the motel hadn’t left for the sea prayer ritual celebrations. A couple had returned before lunchtime next door, almost synchronizing with the target.</p>
<p>Moreover, a Marionettist’s advancement ritual demanded a grand performance—a splendid and profound drama. Silent, unnoticed assassinations lacking a sufficient audience failed to meet the requirements.</p>
<p>Therefore, Loki intentionally singled out Lugano first. If there were no other foes lurking, it was akin to switching marionettes. If there were, he could draw them all to him and clandestinely manipulate the target with the other marionette nearby.</p>
<p>Aware that it was a sealed demigod, Loki knew its strength might be limited, but its essence remained unchanged. It was impervious to many influences. However, he believed the Evernight pathway’s forced sleep would still be effective. Since this sealed demigod could experience exhaustion, hunger, and the need for rest, food, and sleep like a true child, it implied that the seal had impacted corresponding characteristics, making him akin to an ordinary person in those aspects. At most, he would awaken faster and require less rest time.</p>
<p>A few seconds would be ample time for Loki to relocate and conceal himself with the target before attempting to manipulate the other party’s Spirit Body Threads.</p>
<p>His two marionettes would act independently, confusing both enemies and the Church of Earth Mother clergyman rushing over. They would lead them on a chase spanning about 100 to 200 meters, completing the corresponding performance.</p>
<p>As the time approached, the enemies would pinpoint his hiding spot through the marionettes’ trajectory, joyfully anticipating an encounter. However, what awaited them would be a demigod-level marionette, leading to a terrifying and grim outcome.</p>
<p>Under the watchful eyes of the surrounding citizens, the magnificent play would conclude. Loki could consume the potion and ascend to Sequence 4, becoming a Bizarro Sorcerer!</p>
<hr />
<p>On the betrothal ship, within Lato Guiaro’s Cosmic Void.</p>
<p>This was fundamentally different from lower-middle-level abilities. It was both an illusory realm and an alternate space that could cause people to lose themselves and become abnormally fragile. It was akin to the Bottle of Fiction augmented with hallucinations.</p>
<p>The sticky blob of flesh Lumian had expelled squirmed rapidly, stretching and expanding into a discernible figure.</p>
<p>Cloaked in blood-red fabric with a matching hood obscuring its face in shadows, the figure revealed itself as none other than Mr. K of the Aurora Order.</p>
<p>To counter April Fool’s machinations, Lumian had chosen the strategy of overwhelming force. He accomplished this with overt and imposing power, complemented by meticulous arrangements.</p>
<p>This plan allowed for a fair margin of error. Even if Lumian made a miscalculation, as long as April Fool’s didn’t have Angel-level helpers or three or more Saints, he could salvage the situation by retaining at least one or two key members.</p>
<p>To enhance their odds, Franca extended invitations to Hela and Gandalf. The Fertility Order also notified the higher-ups, ensuring the presence of a Saint overseeing Port Santa during the sea prayer ritual. The Tarot Club had two Major Arcana card holders positioned nearby. When April Fool’s key members felt secure, Madam Magician, the Angel of Stars, would cross a long distance and descend as they prepared to depart!</p>
<p>For extra precaution, Lumian utilized Mr. K’s finger to get him to Port Santa. Morphing with the Rose Bishop’s power, he turned into a fleshy blob, and was concealed in Lumian’s stomach to infiltrate the betrothal ship.</p>
<p>Mr. K glanced up, his eyes taking on an otherworldly illusion, as if concealing hidden doors.</p>
<p>Swiftly scanning the Cosmic Void, he identified an escape route.</p>
<p>“Follow me,” he said to Lumian in a hoarse voice.</p>
<p>Nodding, Lumian reached into the Traveler’s Bag, extracting the Flog boxing gloves and preparing to don them.</p>
<p><em>If you guys still have a backup plan or if a few powerhouses don’t appear in time, I’ll draw the attention of the evil gods and create chaos. We’ll all face the danger together. Early exits? Forget about it!</em></p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
