<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch606.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-601-strange-patient" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 601: Strange Patient</h2>
<p>Late at night, amidst another round of cheers for a magic trick, Lumian downed the candied wine in his hand and exited the bar with a smirk.</p>
<p>He could already picture Aurore—if she were around—scoffing, “You’re so lame. You’re actually using the Governor of the Sea’s authority and power to pull off a magic trick. Deceiving those drunkards with the real thing. Is this your prank? You’re sure having a blast.”</p>
<p>Lumian responded silently, <em>Being able to utilize superpowers and the Governor of the Sea’s authority for such matters, rather than in battle, should be what you desire, right? Isn’t this the joy and future you yearned for?</em></p>
<p>In the corridor, illuminated by kerosene wall lamps, Lumian stepped on the creaking floor, making his way back to the first-class suite in the silent, empty surroundings.</p>
<p>Snores and moans occasionally penetrated the walls on both sides. Near the stairs, a room stood open, reflecting the dim yellow light of the fire.</p>
<p>As Lumian passed by, he turned his head and observed the Sacred Emblem of Life, representing Earth Mother, engraved on the wall deep in the room. It portrayed a simple infant amidst wheat ears, flowers, spring water, and other symbols.</p>
<p>In front of the Sacred Emblem of Life stood a man in a brown clergyman’s robe. He was less than 30 years old, with clean eyebrows and a light brown beard. Holding a thick book, he preached to the men and women seated in different parts of the room.</p>
<p>Lumian knew this was a prayer room, akin to a small, mobile cathedral with a dedicated clergyman in charge. Common in countries that believed in only one deity, be it on long-distance ships or steam locomotives, they considered the need for believers to quietly pray and listen to teachings.</p>
<p>Lumian, who could already understand Highlander, memorized the words, “Life’s precious embrace, the harvest’s grace.” Retracting his gaze, he entered the corridor, ascending the stairs step by step.</p>
<p>Simultaneously, Lugano, having just finished attending to Ludwig’s supper, heard a knock on the door.</p>
<p>“Who is it?” Lugano was surprised and intrigued.</p>
<p>This couldn’t be his employer. He possessed the key and would simply open the door.</p>
<p>Moreover, it was nearly 11 p.m. Who would visit at such an hour?</p>
<p><em>Could it be that a woman overheard my boasting on the deck, believed me, and came to share a pleasant night?</em></p>
<p>As Lugano started to indulge in fantasies, he heard a feeble male voice.</p>
<p>“I’m here to see Dr. Lugano.”</p>
<p><em>Seeking a doctor…</em> Lugano couldn’t help but frown, but he still opened the door.</p>
<p>Outside stood a man wrapped in a thick tweed coat, a stark contrast to Lugano’s linen shirt and thin pants.</p>
<p>Lugano scrutinized the visitor.</p>
<p>“I’m Lugano. What’s the matter?”</p>
<p>The man’s face was pale, his eyes dark, revealing little vitality. Though young, in his early twenties, he exuded a lifeless aura.</p>
<p>The man took a deep breath and weakly said, “You can call me Enio. I heard that you helped several people on the deck discover the true cause of their illness and quickly improved their condition. I want you to treat me.”</p>
<p>“I have the money to pay for the consultation.”</p>
<p>Observing the fellow’s sickly appearance, Lugano sighed and replied, “Come in. Keep your voice down. As you know, I’m the private doctor of a prominent figure. He doesn’t appreciate strangers disturbing him.”</p>
<p>Once Enio settled on the sofa, Lugano, out of habit, inquired about his condition to conceal his subsequent mystical diagnosis.</p>
<p>“What’s wrong with your body?”</p>
<p>Enio paused for a moment before saying, “Since half a month ago, I’ve become sensitive to the cold and weak. No appetite. Runny nose, repeated coughing, and my condition is worsening.”</p>
<p>“Mm…” Lugano nodded, raising his right hand and tapping his forehead, as if contemplating the significance of the patient’s narrative.</p>
<p>In reality, he seized the opportunity to activate his Spirit Vision, preparing to discern the other party’s illness from the color, brightness, and thickness of his Ether Body.</p>
<p>With a swift glance, Lugano nearly jumped out of his skin.</p>
<p><em>Is the patient sitting in front of me still alive?</em></p>
<p>In Lugano’s eyes, the once white glow shrouding Enio’s Ether Body, signifying overall balance, had turned a somber grayish-black. It was a dire indication of his severe illness, teetering on the edge of death.</p>
<p>Yet, it wasn’t this revelation that left Lugano shocked and bewildered. What truly sent shivers down his spine was: the orange glow, symbolizing the health of excretion, detoxification, and other vital organs, had dimmed into complete darkness. No vestige of brightness remained, signaling the complete cessation of their functions!</p>
<p>Likewise, the yellow hue representing the digestive system, the green indicating the heart and regulatory system, and the blue denoting the throat and part of the nervous system had all dulled and lost their radiance.</p>
<p>Enio’s remaining hues were red on his limbs and purple on the surface of his head.</p>
<p><em>W-what does this “diagnosis” imply?</em></p>
<p>This meant that Enio was a person with a silent heart, a dormant stomach, and internal organs that had relinquished their functions. Yet, he could still think, move, and speak!</p>
<p><em>Son of a bitch, where did this monstrosity come from!</em> Lugano, facing such an unprecedented “patient,” inwardly cursed, his frame trembling slightly.</p>
<p>He dreaded the moment when the other might unexpectedly utter, “Doctor, I’m cold. Let me borrow your skin. Doctor, I’m hungry. Let me borrow your stomach and intestines…”</p>
<p>Noticing Lugano’s silence, Enio anxiously inquired, “Doctor, what illness am I suffering from?”</p>
<p><em>Illness?</em> Lugano muttered to himself urgently, <em>Snap out of it! Your heart has ceased beating; the absence of flowing blood naturally brings about a chilling sensation!</em></p>
<p><em>Those with non-agitating stomachs certainly won’t have much of an appetite!</em></p>
<p>As these thoughts raced through his mind, Lugano pondered for a moment and declared,</p>
<p>“Your condition is grave. I require further analysis and observation to draw conclusions. Can you visit me tomorrow morning?</p>
<p>“Before that, I need to draw some of your blood for research.”</p>
<p>“No problem.” Despite Enio’s lack of confidence in Lugano, he extended his right hand with the mindset that attempting something was better than nothing.</p>
<p>Armed with the necessary tools, Lugano extracted some blood from Enio’s body using a needle, rubber hose, and a glass blood collection bottle. Despite their darkened hue, he noted a basic vitality still present. Subsequently, he listened to Enio’s heartbeat and detected faint, but existing, beats.</p>
<p><em>Curious…</em> Lugano seized the opportunity of the consultation and prescription to subtly cast a faint light upon his palm, providing Enio with a simple treatment.</p>
<p>Enio’s spirits lifted, and a semblance of strength returned.</p>
<p>“Thank you, Doctor. Your massage and medicine are effective. I appreciate it!” Enio left the suite with a cheerful expression.</p>
<p>None of the previous doctors he had consulted had made the slightest improvement in his condition. This time, he intended to set sail to the south, take a steam locomotive to the Church of Earth Mother’s headquarters for treatment.</p>
<p>Baffled, Lugano observed as Enio left. Soon after, his employer returned.</p>
<p>He quickly recounted the encounter to Lumian, concluding with, “I’ve secured his blood. Can you find someone to divine the truth?”</p>
<p>“Divination?” Lumian chuckled as he received the blood-filled bottle and knocked on Ludwig’s child’s room.</p>
<p>“Take a sip and see what knowledge you can glean.” Lumian handed the bottle to Ludwig, ensuring no avenue of exploitation slipped by.</p>
<p>Ludwig’s expression remained stoic, as if sipping bedtime milk. He drank down the liquid in the bottle without flinching.</p>
<p>Lugano was bewildered, his eyes reflecting surprise and confusion.</p>
<p>After tasting the blood, Ludwig spoke at an adequate pace, “Absent stomach, absent small and large intestine, absent lungs, absent liver and pancreas…</p>
<p>“It’s akin to a deceased person relying on mystic forces to persist…</p>
<p>“He won’t last a week…”</p>
<p><em>Wh…</em> Lugano was taken aback that Ludwig not only imbibed human blood but also made somber judgments with a straight face. He was also shocked to learn that Enio truly lacked those organs.</p>
<p>Initially, he believed it was just a loss of corresponding function.</p>
<p><em>According to Ludwig, wasn’t Enio essentially a dead man?</em></p>
<p><em>What had he stumbled upon?</em></p>
<p>“What should we do?” Lugano turned to Lumian.</p>
<p>Lumian couldn’t help but chuckle softly.</p>
<p>“What can we do? Locate the captain, the ship’s security supervisor, or the priest in the prayer room, and report this matter. They’ll handle it.”</p>
<p>Lugano nodded and tentatively asked, “But won’t this expose me as a Beyonder?”</p>
<p>“Tell them you’re Louis Berry’s servant,” Lumian advised calmly.</p>
<p>“Alright.” Lugano was fine with being a servant. After a moment’s thought, he asked in puzzlement, “Did you hear any strange sounds at night? I occasionally hear a baby crying.”</p>
<p>“Baby?” Lumian asked, shaking his head. “I didn’t hear it.”</p>
<p>Lugano pondered aloud, “Is there a baby crying on this floor?”</p>
<p>Then, he looked at Lumian.</p>
<p>“Shall I go find the captain now?”</p>
<p>Lumian’s eyes flickered as he smiled and said, “Tomorrow morning.”</p>
<p>“Alright,” Lugano agreed without hesitation.</p>
<p>He preferred waiting for dawn and sunlight before addressing such a peculiar issue. Reporting it at night made him sense an impending, unexpected event.</p>
<p>The sun provided a reassuring sense of security!</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t question or provide further advice. He entered his room, freshened up, and went to bed.</p>
<p>However, sleep eluded him. Instead, he half-closed his eyes, anticipating something.</p>
<p>After an indeterminate period, Lumian heard a faint creak.</p>
<p>The door to one of the rooms opened softly.</p>
<p>Lumian swiftly sat up, silently approaching the door, cracking it open.</p>
<p>He saw a figure leisurely walk out of Lugano’s servant’s room.</p>
<p>It was Lugano, clad in a linen shirt. His eyes were open but oddly vacant and unfocused, his face devoid of expression.</p>
<p>As if sleepwalking, Lugano made his way to the suite’s door.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
