<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch607.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-602-surgery" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 602: “Surgery”</h2>
<p>Lugano’s eyes remained open as he swung open the door to the suite, his gaze vacant. He stepped into the deserted corridor, where only the sound of crashing waves reverberated.</p>
<p>In this moment, everyone, save for the sailor on night duty, succumbed to slumber.</p>
<p>Lugano moved forward, the kerosene wall lamps around him casting an ethereal glow that mingled with the encroaching darkness.</p>
<p>He reached the end of the floor and halted in front of a vivid vermilion wooden door.</p>
<p><em>Creak.</em> The door groaned open, and the darkness within seemed to swallow every trace of light.</p>
<p>Lugano traversed the obscurity with a blank expression, entering the room. Behind him, the vermilion door was pulled shut by an imperceptible force.</p>
<p>It was a suite. The living and dining areas lay shrouded in darkness, devoid of any candlelit glow. The faint crimson moonlight filtered through the curtains, offering minimal visibility.</p>
<p>At the dining table stood two shadowy figures. One of them appeared aged, with mostly gray hair and dark, deep blue eyes that seemed to absorb the night.</p>
<p>Despite the wrinkles at the corners of his eyes, the elder’s skin remained well-maintained, adorned in a loose, dark-black robe.</p>
<p>Beside him stood Enio, the brown-haired, brown-eyed patient who had intruded upon Lugano that night, his pale face devoid of life. His vacant gaze fixated on the unadorned table.</p>
<p>Lugano, as if sleepwalking, stood next to Enio, unusually quiet.</p>
<p>The elder in the loose black robe turned his head, fixing his gaze on Enio.</p>
<p>The patient ambled towards the dining table, climbed on it, and lay completely motionless.</p>
<p>The blond elder brandished a sharp scalpel, unfastening Enio’s tweed coat, cashmere sweater, and cotton shirt. He pressed the razor-sharp blade against Enio’s chest, producing a ripping sound as he sliced through layers of flesh, creating a long wound.</p>
<p>As Enio’s chest and abdominal cavity lay exposed to the crimson moonlight, a void greeted the eye.</p>
<p>No stomach, no lungs, no small or large intestines, liver, or kidneys. Only a weakly beating bright red heart, accompanied by a few blood vessels extending from it.</p>
<p>With a swift motion, the old man in the dark-black robe manipulated the scalpel, his other hand flickering with a faint light as he pressed down.</p>
<p>In a sequence too rapid for the eye to follow, he withdrew the still-beating heart in his left hand.</p>
<p>Enio’s chest and abdomen, now empty, displayed only a few non-bleeding blood vessels.</p>
<p>The old man closed the incision with a tight squeeze, sealing it with a flickering light.</p>
<p>Enio’s stomach returned to its original state, devoid of any scars.</p>
<p>Throughout this extraordinary procedure, the special patient’s eyes remained open, as if untouched by the surgical ordeal.</p>
<p>In that moment, he rolled off the dining table, ambled to the door, and exited the room.</p>
<p>The old man opened his suitcase, revealing glass jars containing pale amber liquid, each cradling various organs: spleen, lungs, liver, kidneys, stomach, and intestines…</p>
<p>Placing these items on the dining table in a peculiar order, surrounding the still gently beating scarlet heart, the old man in the loose black robe took a step back. He recited an ancient, malevolent, yet strangely intimate language.</p>
<p>As the unknown murmur resonated, the internal organs ascended slowly, upheld by an invisible force.</p>
<p>Their final positions varied, resembling the internal organs of a standing human.</p>
<p>The heart, liver, spleen, lungs, and kidneys emitted a faint glow simultaneously, outlining a form on the dining table. It lacked a head, limbs, or bones, merely a corporeal essence that grew more defined.</p>
<p>A baby’s cry echoed, faint yet tangible.</p>
<p>However, the body distorted, squirmed, and disintegrated in the end.</p>
<p>The old man in the loose black robe sighed with regret.</p>
<p>Strangely, the wrinkles at the corners of his eyes were noticeably reduced, and much of his white hair had reverted to light gold.</p>
<p>In an instant, he appeared seven or eight years younger.</p>
<p>Sensing his good condition, the elder turned his attention to Lugano.</p>
<p>Lugano, seemingly summoned, approached the dining table and lay down, awaiting with open eyes.</p>
<p>The elder unbuttoned Lugano’s linen shirt, took up the scalpel, and gestured as if deciding where to make the incision.</p>
<p>Suddenly, a loud bang reverberated.</p>
<p>The vermilion door swung open, crashing into the wall.</p>
<p>Crimson flames surged, illuminating the room, climbing the walls and ceiling, transforming the place into a fiery inferno.</p>
<p>Lumian, adorned in black hair, green eyes, a golden straw hat, a cotton shirt, a black vest, and dark pants, materialized at the door and entered the suite.</p>
<p>He calmly addressed the old man in the loose black robe, “Don’t you know he’s my servant?”</p>
<p>The elder’s eyes narrowed as he readied the scalpel to descend towards Lugano’s neck.</p>
<p>However, his right hand refused to budge, seemingly restrained by an invisible force pushing it upward.</p>
<p>In the midst of the rising crimson flames, Lumian paused, displaying no urgency to act. He spoke with intrigue,</p>
<p>“That surgery was quite fascinating—extracting internal organs while leaving the person alive, albeit gradually dying.</p>
<p>“And you used those organs for a ritual, rejuvenating yourself. Meanwhile, you nearly brought forth a peculiar lifeform.”</p>
<p>Surprise flickered in the elder’s dark-blue eyes.</p>
<p>“How do you know?”</p>
<p><em>Haven’t you just arrived in pursuit of your servant?</em></p>
<p><em>And no one entered before you!</em></p>
<p>Lumian emitted a soft chuckle.</p>
<p>“You don’t need to know.”</p>
<p><em>I still have a few hours of Governor of the Sea authority. Isn’t it easy to ‘see’ something in these waters?</em></p>
<p>Sensing Lumian’s confidence, certainty, ease, and absence of hostility, the elder fell silent briefly before expressing, “Life is the most precious, so life becomes the finest sacrifice and ingredient.”</p>
<p>He refrained from divulging details about the surgery or ritual, choosing instead to expound on his philosophy and the truth he sought.</p>
<p><em>Praising and blaspheming life simultaneously?</em> Lumian arched his eyebrows, finding it vaguely reminiscent of Lady Moon, Madame Night, and the bestowed of the Great Mother.</p>
<p>Carefully assessing the black-robed elder behind the dining table, Lumian, upon confirming his gender, temporarily set aside his sudden anxiety.</p>
<p>Gazing down at the motionless Lugano on the dining table, Lumian casually inquired, “How did you control my servant?”</p>
<p>The elder fixed Lumian with a penetrating gaze, as if probing the depths of his intentions. He pondered, weighing the decision to preach the truth or engage in a confrontation to eradicate the issue.</p>
<p>After a brief silence, he spoke in a resonant voice,</p>
<p>“He’s a Blessed of the Great Mother. He heard the cries of the Child of God.”</p>
<p><em>Great Mother?</em> Lumian’s scalp tingled at the term.</p>
<p>Had it not been for the Sea Governor’s authority, Lumian would have launched a full-scale attack without allowing the elder a moment to react or explain.</p>
<p>Regardless, even if he eliminated the elder, spirit channeling remained a viable option. Moreover, the elder could be fed to Ludwig!</p>
<p>Though taken aback by the elder’s possible reference to Lugano as a Blessed of Earth Mother, Lumian swiftly dismissed the apparent meaning.</p>
<p>He was certain that Lugano was human and harbored no unusual bloodlines.</p>
<p>Following Lugano’s injury at Solow Motel, Jenna collected his splattered blood and conducted Magic Mirror Divination according to Lumian’s subsequent instructions.</p>
<p>In an instant, Lumian deciphered the elder’s true meaning.</p>
<p><em>The Beyonders of the Planter pathway are all Blessed of the Great Mother?</em></p>
<p><em>Where does Earth Mother stand? Planter is the main pathway of the Church of Earth Mother…</em></p>
<p><em>Could it be… the Great Mother reigns over multiple pathways, akin to the Celestial Worthy and Mr. Fool? Planter and Sower? The names bear a striking connection…</em></p>
<p>As Lumian’s thoughts raced, his focus intensified on the existence of the Child of God. Cordu’s empty infant cradle and the honorific title of Lady Moon nurturing a deity flooded his mind.</p>
<p><em>Dammit, why is it that the Great Mother seems entwined with children, Sons of God, and babies? Does that entity have a penchant for offspring?</em> Lumian smirked superficially.</p>
<p>“It seems your Child of God hasn’t truly been born.”</p>
<p>The old man in the loose black robe suddenly became fervent.</p>
<p>“He’s already born in the spirit world, but He’s yet to step into the real world.</p>
<p>“Don’t you see? Just revealing His form made me a few years younger. If He were truly born, I’d instantly regain my youth!”</p>
<p><em>Who knows what malevolent creation you’ve unleashed…</em> Lumian criticized and said, “You plan to shape the Child of God’s body with just this fragment of life?”</p>
<p>The elder was taken aback.</p>
<p>“This is a ritual bestowed by the Great Mother’s revelation. It’s undeniably effective!”</p>
<p>Lumian smiled.</p>
<p>“That Enio is unmistakably an ordinary person. The ritual’s effects won’t bode well. If it were a Beyonder with a robust life force, the outcome might be entirely different.”</p>
<p>The elder instinctively concurred, “Indeed. That’s why I intended to examine your servant’s internal organs…”</p>
<p>At this juncture, the elder halted, casting a wary glance at Lumian.</p>
<p>With a beaming smile, Lumian proposed, “Have you ever thought of sacrificing your own internal organs?</p>
<p>“If you don’t offer yourself as a sacrifice, how can you showcase your devotion to the Great Mother and your reverence for the Child of God?</p>
<p>“Don’t fret; the Child of God will revive you and bestow youth upon you!”</p>
<p>As he concluded his words, a dark-green light condensed in Lumian’s right hand.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
