<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch618.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-613-new-commission" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 613: New Commission</h2>
<p>A few days later, Lumian lounged on a recliner on the suite’s balcony, soaking in the sea breeze, reveling in the sunlight, and sipping an undiluted Manzan. From his Traveler’s Bag, he retrieved the incomplete umbilical cord from Father Montserrat.</p>
<p>The cord was completely charred, stripped of its spirituality. After Lumian’s repeated confirmations, backed by Franca and Jenna’s divination, a conclusion was reached:</p>
<p>After the Exorcism Spell, the umbilical cord lost its vitality. Moreover, lacking Beyonder characteristics, it couldn’t function as a mystical item or a main ingredient for charms, agents, weapons, or any other artifacts.</p>
<p>All it retained now was its distinct uniqueness.</p>
<p>In simpler terms, it mirrored the mark left on Lumian by Blood Emperor Alista Tudor. Devoid of power and incapable of emitting the fearsome aura of the Great Mother’s Child of God, Lumian couldn’t wield it to scare and temporarily intimidate a specific target.</p>
<p>Lumian surmised that it could only play a role in two scenarios.</p>
<p>Firstly, it could act as a casting ingredient, enabling specific spells to wield power beyond ordinary standards or aiding Warlocks in utilizing special spells beyond their usual repertoire.</p>
<p>Secondly, it could serve as a supplementary ingredient incorporated during the crafting of mystical items, charms, agents, or Beyonder weapons, imparting unique effects to the final product.</p>
<p>Naturally, Lumian also believed that such an umbilical cord fragment could prove valuable in the presence of the Great Mother’s bestowed. For instance, even without Provocation, he could provoke intense animosity from those individuals.</p>
<p><em>Regrettably, Witches share similarities with Pyromaniacs. They are restricted to utilizing various black magic bestowed by potions, unable to delve into spell study and master new incantations like Warlocks. Among these black magics, only one, the Bloodline Curse, can be paired with an umbilical cord as a casting ingredient. However, the invisible Child of God has yet to manifest in the real world, rendering the curse ineffective against Him. Cursing the Great Mother is also off the table, as Franca and Jenna might find themselves with giving birth right there and then…</em></p>
<p><em>Yes, at the next meeting at the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society or any other mysticism gathering, I could aim to acquire a mystical item tied to a Warlock Sequence, then amass potent spells that employ umbilical cords or high-level items as casting ingredients. Uh… isn’t this creating several complications? In Aurore’s terms, it’s akin to raising a sheep for a plate of coarse salt—nurturing it only to be eventually slaughtered and roasted…</em></p>
<p><em>I’ve not needed to seek out an Artisan for crafting mystical items lately, and the absence of primary ingredients complicates matters. Alternatively, should I transform it into a Beyonder weapon with limited use?</em></p>
<p><em>This isn’t ideal. There’s a contamination risk if an insufficiently skilled Artisan incorporates it as a supplementary ingredient. It’s not worthwhile enlisting the help of a high-level Artisan for what seems like a practically useless item…</em></p>
<p><em>What about fashioning charms and agents myself?</em></p>
<p>Lumian scrutinized the charred short umbilical cord for an extended period, grappling with indecision. Eventually, he returned it to his Traveler’s Bag.</p>
<p>Then, Lumian reached into his pocket, where a finger from Mr. K sat.</p>
<p>In the past two days, he had undertaken a special “return” to Trier to brief Mr. K about Father Montserrat and the invisible Child of God. He received unreserved approval and praise from Mr. K.</p>
<p>The enthusiasm and fervor led Lumian to suspect that Mr. K might, in the next moment, sever his own arm and offer it to him.</p>
<p>His fingers seemed insufficient to convey the depth of his emotions!</p>
<p>Mr. K expressed great satisfaction with his decision to permit Lumian to leave Trier and pursue his adversaries. He perceived it as the Lord’s revelation and commended Lumian’s peculiar affinity for heretics and incidents involving evil gods, seeing him as a walking calamity for the fallen.</p>
<p>How could a Beyonder of such stature confine himself to Trier? It was imperative to explore various locations in the Northern and Southern Continents!</p>
<p>Regarding the name of the ancient Goddess of Harvest, Omebella, Mr. K didn’t exhibit a notable reaction, nor did he seek an immediate revelation from his Lord. Lumian, failing to secure an answer, bid farewell and departed. Instead, he sought out Franca, Jenna, and Anthony to share the details of the surgical removal, human refinement, and Father Montserrat’s near-conception of the Great Mother’s Child of God as a man.</p>
<p>While Franca and Jenna were already acquainted with the Sowers of the Villain pathway, the connection with Father Montserrat left them feeling like they were hearing a horror story, traumatized by the bestowed of the Great Mother.</p>
<p>Anthony displayed no overt reaction, but he made a rare gesture.</p>
<p>Unconsciously, he gently stroked his stomach.</p>
<p>After conveying his sentiments, Lumian returned to the ship contentedly, resuming his journey to the southernmost part of the Feynapotter Kingdom.</p>
<p><em>Knock, knock, knock.</em></p>
<p>Lumian had just flipped through the Dutanese textbook for a few minutes when a series of knocks echoed on the suite’s wooden door.</p>
<p>Lugano, ever diligent, played the role of a servant, making his way to the door and peering through the peephole.</p>
<p>In the past few days, the absence of baby cries had eased his anxious heart.</p>
<p>This incident only heightened his gratitude for choosing to stay with his employer rather than returning to Trier.</p>
<p>Lugano believed that if the issue stemmed from the Beyonder ingredients left behind by Tanko, even if he hadn’t boarded this ship, he would have encountered a similar situation sooner or later. Moreover, the wait wouldn’t be long — perhaps a year or even half a year. Without the aid of a powerful Beyonder like Lumian Lee, his fate would have been quite clear.</p>
<p>Spotting Captain Pedro outside, Lugano turned to Lumian, who was on the balcony, and informed him, “Boss, the captain is looking for you!”</p>
<p><em>Why would the captain seek me out? Shouldn’t we tacitly overlook what happened?</em> Lumian closed the Dutanese textbook and returned to the living room, bathed in bright sunlight.</p>
<p>Pedro, sporting a handsome brown beard, entered the suite and exchanged pleasantries. Clearing his throat, he said, “Mr. Berry, are you interested in taking on a commission? It’s a straightforward one and won’t consume much of your time.”</p>
<p><em>Straightforward? I doubt it would remain so after being entrusted to me…</em> After various experiences, he gained a better understanding of his unique constitution: As a Beyonder of the Hunter pathway, harboring an evil god’s angel within him and concealed remnants of the Blood Emperor’s aura, he naturally attracted calamities, prematurely unveiling problems that might have remained hidden.</p>
<p>Lumian couldn’t foresee how a supposedly simple commission would unfold.</p>
<p>Seated in an armchair, Lumian smiled and responded, “What commission? I’ll listen to the specifics before deciding whether to accept it.”</p>
<p>Pedro sighed, beginning to explain, “The destination of this voyage is Port Colla, my hometown. My wife and children live there.</p>
<p>“At the start of the year, my beloved eldest daughter, Salah, fell in love with a young man. She was passionate and eager to marry him.</p>
<p>“As you’re aware, in Feynapotter, marriage and family are held in high regard. We must approach marriage cautiously and maintain it responsibly. Blindly rushing into the cathedral isn’t our way.”</p>
<p>“Is that lad displeasing to you and your Matriarch? Are you hiring me to silence him?” Lumian teased. “Honestly, there’s no need for such trouble. A captain like you surely has plenty of ways to handle inexperienced young people. For instance, give him an opportunity and entice him into the sea trade—only for him to never return.”</p>
<p>Pedro chuckled dryly and responded, “I’m a law-abiding citizen. I won’t resort to such measures.”</p>
<p><em>A sea-faring captain with Beyonder abilities is a law-abiding citizen? Spare me the humor…</em> Lumian criticized, smiling at Pedro, prompting him to continue.</p>
<p>“I probed the young man and sensed something amiss. I hired adventurers to investigate him, but the two adventurers never returned,” Pedro explained earnestly. “This raised my alarm. I don’t want my child involved with such a person. It’s too risky.”</p>
<p>Lumian nodded slightly.</p>
<p>“Is that why you’ve sought me out?”</p>
<p>“Yes,” Pedro admitted, forcing a smile. “To you, this may seem trivial, but it’s of utmost importance to me. I’m willing to pay 20,000 gold risot as compensation. All spoils are yours.”</p>
<p><em>20,000 gold risot. Being a captain seems quite lucrative…</em> Lumian pondered for a moment and asked, “Are you a Beyonder of the Planter or Apothecary pathway?</p>
<p>“Are there any Beyonders from these two pathways in your family?”</p>
<p><em>What kind of question is that…</em> Pedro was taken aback.</p>
<p>“No.”</p>
<p>“Why haven’t you sought help from the Church?” Lumian inquired, posing a second question.</p>
<p>Pedro’s expression darkened. After a brief silence, he sighed and replied, “As expected of an experienced adventurer.</p>
<p>“I didn’t approach the Church because something is off with my daughter, Salah. Her infatuation with that young man is too intense, and she rejects reason. It’s as if she’s possessed by a demon. Seeking the Church could resolve the issue, but it might also lead to a negative encounter and outcome for Salah.”</p>
<p>Lumian nodded thoughtfully.</p>
<p>“Do you suspect that Salah has been influenced or even possessed by an unknown entity?”</p>
<p>“Yes,” Pedro admitted, appearing worried.</p>
<p>Lumian asked a few more questions and took a moment to reflect before stating, “Alright, I accept this commission.”</p>
<p>He had to consistently pursue opportunities and work towards digesting the Conspirer potion to a level where he could conduct an advancement ritual upon reaching West Balam in the Southern Continent.</p>
<p>Of course, saving up funds for Ludwig’s meals was another motivation.</p>
<hr />
<p>A few days later, at 10 p.m., in Apartment 702, 9 Rue Orosai, Quartier de la Cathédrale Commémorative, Trier.</p>
<p>Franca and Jenna glanced at Anthony, who had just knocked and entered, puzzled.</p>
<p>“Why are you here at this time of day?”</p>
<p>Anthony nodded. “I’ve found that woman.”</p>
<p><em>Huh?</em> Jenna was momentarily surprised before questioning, “The woman who appeared in the Magic Mirror Divination?”</p>
<p>The woman whose presence caused the Mirror World Fragment on me to tremble slightly?</p>
<p>Anthony affirmed with certainty, “Yes.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
