<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch620.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-615-descendants" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 615: Descendants</h2>
<p>Based on Anthony’s feedback, Franca had long suspected that Delilah wasn’t a Mirror Person but had some connection to them. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have reacted abnormally without knowing anything.</p>
<p>She raised the question during Magic Mirror Divination to ensure Delilah hadn’t made preparations in advance or been hypnotized.</p>
<p>After a moment of contemplation, Franca posed her second question.</p>
<p>“Is the owner of this hair a descendant of the Tamara family?”</p>
<p>Amidst the splashing water in the dim mirror, an aged voice replied, “No.”</p>
<p>Not a descendant of the Tamara family… Franca used the elimination method and chose a pre-prepared question.</p>
<p>“Is the owner of this hair a descendant of Mirror People?”</p>
<p>The aged voice replied in a calm and hoarse tone, “Yes.”</p>
<p><em>Yes…</em> Franca and Jenna were both shocked and delighted.</p>
<p>Though they had similar suspicions, confirming it stunned and terrified them.</p>
<p>How long had the Mirror People infiltrated Trier? Why did they have descendants in their thirties?</p>
<p>Moreover, they could marry, have children, and have descendants like ordinary people…</p>
<p>Aside from believing in the mirror’s Primordial Demoness, who had a more extreme personality and naturally harbored resentment towards Her counterpart outside the mirror, what was the essential difference between them and ordinary people?</p>
<p>Franca and the others weren’t sure if most Mirror People dissipated after death, leaving behind fragments of the mirror world, or if only a few special Mirror People like Mirror Gardner were like this.</p>
<p>Combined with Delilah’s biological father, the current Minister of Industry, Moran Avigny, instructing her to pay attention to abnormal reactions, Franca concluded that the high-ranking official had been replaced by a Mirror Person many years ago.</p>
<p>“According to the information gathered, the municipal modifications in Underground Trier, particularly the catacombs, were implemented to address the leakage of the Fourth Epoch Trier’s seal. Mirror People had already replaced the originals by then, making it reasonable for them to inhabit Trier,” Anthony said after some thought. “The problem now is that Mirror People can actually have descendants normally.”</p>
<p>Jenna’s eyes flickered as she interjected, “One more thing. Did a descendant of the Tamara family bring the Mirror World Fragment into the tomb in recent decades? Or was it a special Mirror Person searching for something and ended up perishing in there?</p>
<p>“Or could it be that before Fourth Epoch Trier sank underground or was sealed, Mirror People were already active on this land?”</p>
<p>Franca hissed and said, “Your latter conjecture is a little terrifying.</p>
<p>“Our original deduction was that the special Mirror World stemmed from the War of the Four Emperors, which caused Fourth Epoch Trier to sink. It was closely related to the Primordial Demoness’s divine descent, Blood Emperor Alista Tudor’s counterattack before death, and the demise of the Demoness of Catastrophe, Krismona. However, if Mirror People had appeared in Fourth Epoch Trier before all of that, the root cause of the problem would be even more mysterious and terrifying.”</p>
<p>Fear of the unknown.</p>
<p>Franca couldn’t help but gaze at the makeup mirror in her hand and address the dark mirror, “Am I a descendant of Mirror People?”</p>
<p>She didn’t expect an answer, knowing that Magic Mirror Divination usually allowed only three questions at most. She merely voiced her thoughts and was concluding the divination.</p>
<p>The mirror fell silent for a few seconds before resuming, “Your ancestor had nothing to do with Trier.”</p>
<p><em>Oh, does that mean I can’t be related to the Mirror People? Wait a moment…</em> Franca’s surprise reverberated in her voice. Then, a sudden realization struck her. “So, you’re not an emotionless answering machine. You don’t have to strictly adhere to the corresponding rules.”</p>
<p>The darkness on the mirror’s surface swiftly dissipated, and the aged voice ceased.</p>
<p>Franca was left speechless.</p>
<p>Jenna drew closer to Anthony, her words a hushed murmur, “Did you catch the helplessness in that answer?”</p>
<p>Anthony cast a subtle glance at Franca and nodded imperceptibly.</p>
<p>“Hey! Don’t whisper in front of me. I can hear you!” Franca complained, her Assassin’s keen senses picking up their conversation.</p>
<p>She swiftly shifted the topic, “Fortunately, it said no. If it was a yes, it would be terrifying.</p>
<p>“Hmm… Your grandfather or great-grandfather shouldn’t be Trieriens, right?”</p>
<p>“I’m not even a Trierien myself,” Anthony replied.</p>
<p>Jenna tersely acknowledged.</p>
<p>“The generation of my father’s and mother’s grandfathers came to Trier.”</p>
<p>Franca breathed a sigh of relief, stating, “Now, the direction of the investigation is clear. The current Minister of Industry, Moran Avigny!”</p>
<p>She pondered whether to conduct a covert investigation to gather crucial information or to promptly inform 007 and let the Eternal Blazing Sun Church handle it. Opting for the latter meant potential constraints due to confidentiality principles, limiting her access to the specific details she could seek from 007.</p>
<hr />
<p><em>Ooo!</em></p>
<p>Amidst a whistle, a ship steered into Port Colla on the southernmost coastline of the Feynapotter Kingdom.</p>
<p>It was already mid-November, and Trier was gripped by a cold winter. Although Port Santa demanded thick clothing due to plummeting temperatures, Port Colla retained a warm climate. Passersby adorned themselves in fancy short-sleeved shirts and loose pants, exposing their ankles.</p>
<p>Unlike Port Santa, Port Colla lacked the tradition of carrying sabers or swords, but Lumian, drawing from her knowledge, knew that the people here were still rambunctious, with large-scale armed conflicts being commonplace.</p>
<p>Port Colla differed significantly from Port Santa, which thrived on pastures, plains, and mountain range mines. With limited arable land and scarce pastures, the inhabitants originally depended on the sea for their livelihood.</p>
<p>Over generations, the Church of Earth Mother’s advancements in land development, seed cultivation, and livestock breeding transformed Port Colla. While the region achieved a level of self-sufficiency in food production, the rambunctious folk customs endured.</p>
<p>Nevertheless, Port Colla continued to be a major importer of food, serving as one of the primary trade hubs between the Feynapotter Kingdom and the Southern Continent. The bustling port hosted numerous foreigners and stood as a key base for the Harvest Fleet.</p>
<p>Captain Pedro, standing beside Lumian, observed the lively port scene.</p>
<p>“It’s the dry season, so the weather isn’t as hot, and there’s not much rain. It’s the most comfortable period in Port Colla. You’re welcome to visit.”</p>
<p>These words, spoken out of courtesy, hung in the air.</p>
<p>Lumian, leaning against the shipboard, directed his gaze toward the distant sea, shrouded in what seemed like dark clouds.</p>
<p>“Is that the Berserk Sea?”</p>
<p>The Berserk Sea divided the Northern and Southern Continents. Only when Emperor Roselle found a safe sea route could the Northern Continent’s countries cross the sea and reach the Southern Continent.</p>
<p>Pedro nodded, a hint of solemnity in his voice. “That’s right. Without a captain and sailors familiar with those waters, a ship will undoubtedly be swallowed by the ever-changing and violent weather there. Shipwrecks occur around Port Colla every year, claiming lives.”</p>
<p>When the majority of the passengers disembarked, Lumian guided Ludwig and Lugano to Captain Pedro’s residence.</p>
<p>He intended to assess the situation of his eldest daughter, Salah, and her lover before deciding on his next course of action.</p>
<p>Carrying a suitcase and holding Ludwig’s hand, Lugano trailed closely behind his employer.</p>
<p>It wasn’t until they left the dock that he realized something startling.</p>
<p>His employer and the captain were conversing in Highlander!</p>
<p>Since departing from Port Santa, his employer and most of the ship’s occupants had been using Highlander for communication.</p>
<p><em>When did he learn Highlander? How had he become proficient in it?</em></p>
<p>As Lugano observed his employer’s retreating figure, he fell into a thoughtful silence, absorbing the relatively fluent Highlander being spoken.</p>
<p>Port Colla, 7 White Shark Street, Pedro’s house.</p>
<p>A five-story building with a green front lawn and a charming garden in the rear, it was home to nearly thirty people under Pedro’s mother’s care.</p>
<p>Passing through the iron gates, Lumian spotted a couple strolling arm in arm on the lawn.</p>
<p>They were both very young. The woman, in her early twenties, possessed brown hair, brown eyes, and a naturally fair, now-tanned complexion. Although her appearance was remarkable, Lumian, accustomed to interacting with Demonesses and having a beautiful sister, deemed her merely decent.</p>
<p>The man, in his mid-twenties, had ordinary features, single eyelids, and curly brown hair. Clad in a white shirt and dark-gray pants, he had very average looks and demeanors that would be lost in a crowd.</p>
<p>“Salah, let me introduce you. This is the great adventurer, Louis Berry. His legendary experiences will soon reach Colla,” Pedro joyfully introduced Lumian without a trace of gloominess.</p>
<p>Salah, sporting a fishnet hat to shield herself from the sun, approached with curiosity,</p>
<p>“What kind of legendary experiences?”</p>
<p>“Does earning 300,000 gold risot from a commission count?” Pedro replied, representing Lumian with a smile.</p>
<p>“300,000 gold risot?” Salah exclaimed.</p>
<p>This was a huge fortune for most people in Feynapotter.</p>
<p>Lumian observed the father-daughter interaction with a smile. In his peripheral vision, he detected a darkening expression on Salah’s lover, a clear sign of displeasure.</p>
<p><em>Jealousy, vigilance, and worry? If there’s truly something amiss with him, he should be more confident…</em> Lumian mused, unfazed.</p>
<p>Pedro then introduced Salah’s lover.</p>
<p>“Flores, Salah’s fiancé. They met in Feynapotter City.”</p>
<p>Feynapotter City, nestled in the highlands, stood as the capital of the Feynapotter Kingdom. Salah had encountered Flores there during her university studies, though Flores hailed from an ordinary family with modest educational qualifications. Having completed only elementary grammar school, he later established a grocery store near Highlander University.</p>
<p>“Greetings,” Lumian nodded slightly, exuding the self-assured air of a great adventurer.</p>
<p>Following the welcoming banquet, Flores departed from Pedro’s house.</p>
<p>He ventured into his favorite romantic bar, settling at the counter with a discontented expression.</p>
<p>While casually surveying the surroundings, he couldn’t help but notice a woman seated two or three spots away.</p>
<p>Her flaxen-colored hair was elegantly tied up, and her lake-colored eyes held a crystalline glimmer. With a high nose bridge and rosy lips, even her side profile was breathtakingly beautiful.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
