<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch647.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-642-visit" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 642: Visit</h2>
<p>Camus extended his thanks to the telegrapher, retrieved his telegram, and swiftly scanned its contents.</p>
<p>“Louis Berry, Intisian, hailed as the most renowned adventurer in the Fog Sea over the past six months. Sporting a distinctive golden straw hat, he successfully hunted down the Demon Warlock Burman, earning a hefty bounty of 600,000 verl d’or. Furthermore, he collaborated with the Earth Mother Church in Port Santa to address the crisis surrounding the Sea Prayer Ritual. However, the precise details remain elusive…”</p>
<p>Upon perusing the telegram, Camus released a silent sigh and remarked to himself, <em>He’s truly a great adventurer. It’s no surprise he managed to handle that Serial Killer…</em></p>
<p>Camus couldn’t gauge the Demon Warlock’s true strength, but the substantial bounty spoke volumes. The sum of 600,000 verl d’or was a testament to the Demon Warlock’s threat level. Even if Louis Berry’s fame stemmed solely from his encounter with such a formidable adversary, he undeniably stood among the great adventurers.</p>
<p>It wasn’t lost on Camus that Bram, the perpetrator of numerous murders that had kept the patrol team occupied for nearly two weeks, only carried a bounty of 50,000 verl d’or. Such figures tempted Camus to consider collaboration with Louis Berry.</p>
<p>Reflecting on the substantial 600,000 bounty and comprehending Louis Berry’s generosity, Camus tucked away the telegram and graciously commended the female telegrapher with an exaggerated flying kiss.</p>
<p>Running his fingers through his tousled brown hair, Camus descended to the hall below.</p>
<p>The evening had descended, and it wasn’t his night for duty. He could head home and take a break.</p>
<p>Out of the blue, Camus’s gaze focused as he spotted the handsome Louis Berry, sporting black hair, green eyes, and a laid-back demeanor, seated on the sofa, casually playing with a golden straw hat.</p>
<p>Approaching cautiously, Camus inquired, “Is there anything else?”</p>
<p>Lumian ceased twirling the straw hat, sat up straight, and grinned.</p>
<p>“I’ve got something else to talk to you about.”</p>
<p>Realizing that one of the three shops that could buy Fermo coffee was on Cania Street, not far from the patrol team, Lumian’s immediate thought was:</p>
<p><em>Could Hisoka be hiding within the patrol team, perhaps as one of its members?</em></p>
<p><em>Is the most dangerous place the safest?</em></p>
<p>After careful consideration, Lumian considered it a possibility, though not particularly likely.</p>
<p>On the one hand, among the seven Beyonders who were killed, including the Death believer in Port Pylos, the Rose School of Thought’s peripheral member, and the spy left behind in Matani by the Intis Republic, were secretive individuals, blending in with ordinary people. Without substantial information sources, it would be challenging for Hisoka to identify them as Beyonders and target them.</p>
<p>This suggested that either Hisoka had a unique ability to discern Beyonders from ordinary people or possessed a mystical item granting him such insight, or he had control over an extensive information network. The patrol team, being intimately familiar with Matani and Port Pylos, might have already detected something amiss with the Death believer, the Rose School of Thought’s member, and the Intis spy and been conducting surveillance.</p>
<p>Hisoka’s membership in the patrol team would explain his ability to uncover a Beyonder’s hidden identity and carry out the murders.</p>
<p>On the other hand, if Hisoka, a Devil pathway Beyonder, had joined the patrol team, suspicions would undoubtedly arise once the serial murders occurred—unless he concealed his true pathway from the start. However, the patrol team differed from the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society. Hisoka would need to use his abilities frequently during daily missions, making it difficult to conceal them for months or years.</p>
<p>There was no room for mishaps. It wasn’t feasible for him to meticulously prepare before each mission, adorning the corresponding mystical item solely to reveal his abilities in that specific situation, right?</p>
<p>Even as a Devil, he couldn’t pull it off!</p>
<p>Given that many missions had no specific target, Devils couldn’t foresee imminent danger.</p>
<p>Driven by suspicion and uncertainty, Lumian took a special trip to the patrol team, visiting Camus to unearth new clues or gain inspiration to either confirm or eliminate the corresponding possibilities.</p>
<p>“What do you want to discuss?” Camus furrowed his brow.</p>
<p><em>Is this guy scheming to use the morning’s bribe as leverage to threaten me?</em></p>
<p><em>The dossier isn’t particularly important. Even if I lose it, it’s just a minor punishment!</em></p>
<p>Wearing his golden straw hat, Lumian rose with a smile. Pointing at the door, he suggested, “How about a cup of coffee?”</p>
<p>After a brief contemplation, Camus responded in a deep voice, “Fine.”</p>
<p>Exiting the patrol team’s entrance, Lumian made his way toward the Matani Import and Export Shop.</p>
<p>In the fading dusk, he immediately spotted Port Pylos’s police headquarters diagonally opposite the patrol team.</p>
<p>Numerous individuals clad in dark-blue police uniforms moved in and out, some holding cups of coffee.</p>
<p><em>Wh—</em> Lumian’s heart stirred.</p>
<p><em>Could Hisoka not be a member of the patrol team but a high-ranking police officer at the police headquarters?</em></p>
<p>At a certain rank, the police collaborated with official Beyonders to access a wealth of information. Many official Beyonders’ investigations were conducted through the police due to limited manpower.</p>
<p>If Hisoka held a significant position at Port Pylos’s police headquarters, it was plausible for him to identify the three concealed Beyonders. Additionally, there would be no risk of exposing his pathway during routine missions, and acquiring his favored Fermo coffee beans would be a breeze.</p>
<p>On the other hand, it was precisely because the Matani Import and Export Shop offered a variety of coffee beans that Hisoka fell in love with the pure, bitter, and fragrant Fermo coffee without sugar.</p>
<p>However, this was just one possibility among Lumian’s speculations. For instance, Hisoka, being a bold and self-assured individual, might have visited Cania Street specifically to buy Fermo coffee, relishing the incompetence and frustration of the patrol team. Alternatively, Hisoka might not be a Beyonder of the Devil pathway but simply possessed the corresponding Sealed Artifact and had mastered a unique ritual to appease Devils. There was also the chance that Lumian was mistaken—Hisoka might not be linked to the serial murders four years ago.</p>
<p>With these thoughts in mind, Lumian contained his excitement and entered the Matani Import and Export Shop alongside Camus. They reached the section where various coffee beans were on display and secured a seat in the attached coffee shop.</p>
<p>“Highlander coffee with milk and two cubes of sugar,” Camus ordered from the waiter with a sense of familiarity.</p>
<p>Lumian, on the other hand, opted for a cup of fragrant Intis coffee.</p>
<p>While waiting, Lumian casually observed the coffee choices of other customers. Turning to Camus, he inquired, “Judging by the name, are you a Feynapotterian?”</p>
<p>Camus hesitated briefly before truthfully responding, “My full name is Don Givré Camus Castiya.”</p>
<p>He was willing to share his full name as the telegram mentioned Louis Berry having a good working relationship with the Church of Earth Mother.</p>
<p>Lumian chuckled.</p>
<p>“So, you’re a noble lord.”</p>
<p>The name Castiya belonged to the royal family of the Feynapotter Kingdom, and “Don” at the beginning of Camus’s name signified “Honorable,” representing his noble status.</p>
<p>Camus smiled wryly and remarked, “If I were truly a nobleman, why would I join a local patrol team in the Southern Continent?</p>
<p>“Our branch has long dwindled, but I can’t deny that this last name and the Don prefix have provided me with advantages beyond those of ordinary people. I received a potion upon reaching adulthood, achieving Sequence 9 Beyonder status. However, my subsequent advancements were the result of my own efforts.”</p>
<p><em>Accepting my 50,000 verl d’or bribe is part of your efforts?</em> Lumian teased inwardly. He glanced at the two cups of coffee brought by the waiter, feigning casualness as he asked, “Don’t you want to try some other coffees? Is highlander coffee your only choice?”</p>
<p>Camus raised his cup and took a sip. “I’m accustomed to its taste.”</p>
<p>Lumian removed his golden straw hat and took a sip, smiling as he replied, “Fair enough. Just like how I can never acclimate to Fermo coffee. It’s too bitter with regular sugar, and too cloying with too much. Some people appreciate the bitterness and fragrance of Fermo coffee, opting for just a hint of sugar.”</p>
<p>Lumian anticipated Camus to respond with, “Yes, some even drink Fermo coffee without sugar.” However, Camus’s reply didn’t align with his expectations.</p>
<p>“That’s how it goes. What’s on your mind?”</p>
<p>Internally exhaling, Lumian spoke openly, “As you can tell, I’m deeply intrigued by the serial murder case from four years ago. It’s my sole purpose in Port Pylos—a highly valuable assignment.”</p>
<p>“Highly valuable? It’s just a Serial Killer.” Camus let out a sigh of relief upon realizing Louis Berry was interested in discussing this matter.</p>
<p>Even if he were blind, he could tell Louis Berry’s genuine concern about the serial murders four years prior.</p>
<p>Lumian vaguely explained with a smile, “This case holds secrets beyond your wildest imagination.”</p>
<p><em>For example, transmigrators, or that Celestial Worthy…</em></p>
<p>Camus took another sip of his highlander coffee and reflected.</p>
<p>“I arrived in Matani over five years ago. At that time, the Intisians had just departed, and the kingdom and the Church’s forces had completed their initial infiltration. I sensed numerous opportunities, thinking I could leverage my last name to secure a prominent position. Hence, I took a ship across the Fog Sea. The outcome differed from my expectations, but it was still acceptable.”</p>
<p>Camus, in his mid-twenties, sighed as he recounted the past.</p>
<p>He continued, “When the case unfolded, I was merely a Sequence 8. Alongside a few teammates, I followed Vice-Captain Reaza to investigate.”</p>
<p>He paused, offering Lumian a smile that seemed to convey, “If you want more information, show more sincerity.”</p>
<p>In that moment, Lumian was contemplating another question.</p>
<p><em>If Hisoka truly belongs to the Devil pathway and has joined the patrol team, is there a way for him to conceal his identity?</em></p>
<p>Putting himself in those shoes, Lumian realized that concealing the abilities of the Hunter pathway wouldn’t pose a problem.</p>
<p>Most situations could be handled with the Ascetic pathway’s abilities and a couple of items.</p>
<p>Of course, the usage of an Ascetic’s abilities was suspicious.</p>
<p><em>Could it be that Hisoka is indeed a bestowed individual who typically exhibits powers from the boon pathway?</em> Lumian raised his cup and took a sip of coffee, avoiding delving into the details of the serial murders. He gazed at Camus thoughtfully and inquired, “Do you have members in the patrol team skilled in divination or decryption?”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
