<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch649.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-644-patrol-team" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 644: Patrol Team</h2>
<p>Camus stood at the entrance of the Matani Import and Export Shop, casually smoking a cigarette as he observed the passing customers. Despite his watchful eyes, he didn’t spot anyone purchasing Fermo coffee.</p>
<p>As the gas street lamps gradually illuminated the surroundings, casting a dark blue hue across the sky, Camus extinguished his cigarette and tossed it into a nearby trash can. He then made his way back to the beige four-story building that housed the patrol team.</p>
<p>Originally planning to indulge in an Intis feast in a neighborhood frequented by foreigners to celebrate his unexpected windfall of 40,000 verl d’or, his plans were disrupted by Louis Berry. By the time he returned, it was already late, and he couldn’t be bothered to wait for a top chef to prepare something special. Instead, he decided to return to the patrol team, pool money with his close teammates, and order takeout from a nearby restaurant. After satisfying his hunger, he intended to relax at a bar or dance hall.</p>
<p>While crossing the hall, Camus spotted a teammate with dark brown skin, thick lips, and a height exceeding 1.8 meters. Curious, he inquired, “Why did the guy in the straw hat come looking for you again?</p>
<p>“Heh, I heard you and the others caught a Serial Killer and got a bounty of 50,000 verl d’or?”</p>
<p>In Matani, the currency was commonly denoted in verl d’or and Delexi copper coins, a system ingrained during Intis colonization. Despite Admiral Querarill’s control, there were no significant changes in this aspect. The only difference was a partnership with the Feynapotter Kingdom’s bank that facilitated the free exchange of verl d’or and gold risot.</p>
<p>If he were one of the two teammates—either the Magician or the Zombie—whom Louis Berry had asked about, Camus would undoubtedly be on high alert. However, the person standing in front of him was Sow, a Sequence 8 Pugilist of the Warrior pathway. Sow had joined the patrol team as an adventurer just last year and was known for having a pleasant personality. Besides a bit of laziness and a love for enjoyment, there were no significant issues.</p>
<p>Camus laughed and said, “That’s my informant. Without him, I wouldn’t have received that much bounty.”</p>
<p>Sow, with his single eyelids, had a realization.</p>
<p>“Did he come to you just now to get his share?”</p>
<p>Camus thought for a moment and replied, “That’s one reason. The other reason is that he’s still investigating the serial murders from four years ago and wanted to ask me for some details.”</p>
<p>He had kept the case dossier hidden from the captain and vice-captains of the patrol team, but he couldn’t keep it from his teammates. Therefore, he had no intention of concealing Louis Berry’s investigation into the serial murders from four years ago. Moreover, he planned to monitor the police headquarters to identify anyone who enjoyed Fermo coffee and seemed suspicious. He would need his teammates’ assistance to some extent.</p>
<p>“Any progress? Any chance of claiming the bounty?” Sow, dressed in a pleated shirt and carrying a broadsword, displayed visible interest.</p>
<p>Camus wasn’t ready to provide detailed information at the moment. He vaguely responded, “He suspects that the murderer might be hiding at the police headquarters from four years ago. I plan to investigate discreetly.”</p>
<p>“Why do you think the murderer is a police officer?” Sow looked puzzled.</p>
<p>Camus hadn’t discussed this with Lumian earlier, so he pondered for a moment and explained, “Consider this. In the case four years ago, only Beyonders were targeted. Several of them usually concealed their identities. How could the murderer accurately locate them and know that they were Beyonders?</p>
<p>“Only us or those from the police headquarters at a certain rank can access that kind of information. It’s easier to verify if there are Beyonders of the Devil pathway on the patrol team.”</p>
<p>Four years ago, during their investigation, Vice-Captain Reaza had proposed this idea. However, he only suspected that the Serial Killer was hiding within the patrol team and hadn’t considered the police headquarters or the Admiral Guard. Subsequently, the patrol team conducted an investigation and found no suspicious individuals, leading them to shift their focus.</p>
<p>“I see a glimmer of hope and smell the fragrance of verl d’or,” Sow said with anticipation. “If you need help, feel free to look for me. I heard that Kolobo and the others just followed you to the scene and each got 5,000 verl d’or!”</p>
<p>“No problem,” Camus readily agreed.</p>
<p>Then, he walked past Sow and along the corridor toward his office.</p>
<p>At the door of his office, Kolobo poked his head out, observing the conversation between Camus and Sow.</p>
<p>Kolobo, about the same age as Camus, in his mid-twenties, had dark hair, azure eyes, and a slender figure. He held a pair of black sunglasses in his hand.</p>
<p>He lowered his voice and said to Camus, “Stay away from Sow for the time being.”</p>
<p>“Why?” Camus asked, surprised.</p>
<p>Observing Sow vanish through the door leading to the hall, Kolobo averted his gaze and explained,</p>
<p>“I have a feeling that something bad will happen if one interacts with him during this period.”</p>
<p>“Then why didn’t you warn him?” Camus frowned in confusion.</p>
<p>As a Sequence 8 Robot of the Monster pathway, Kolobo possessed formidable spiritual perception and could vaguely sense certain things.</p>
<p>“I warned him. He thinks everything’s fine. I even reported it to the Captain.” Kolobo shrugged.</p>
<p>As he spoke, the thin Beyonder recalled something.</p>
<p>“That adventurer, Louis Berry, is also dangerous. When I arrived at the scene this morning, I didn’t dare to look directly at him. Occasionally, I would glance at him and see large amounts of blood, flames, and death.</p>
<p>“I didn’t want to tell you at first. I felt that if I said it, fate would suffocate me. Phew, it actually seems okay to say it now. It seems I’m too sensitive.”</p>
<p><em>That dangerous? As expected of a great adventurer who received a bounty of 600,000 verl d’or at once…</em> While Camus, who knew about Louis Berry’s deeds, wasn’t overly shocked, this was the first time he had heard a Monster like Kolobo describe someone in such a way.</p>
<p>Camus patted Kolobo’s shoulder.</p>
<p>“Thank you. I’ll be careful.”</p>
<p>With that settled, he asked curiously, “Was Louis Berry the first person to give you such a feeling?”</p>
<p>“No, there’s another one.” Kolobo shook his head.</p>
<p>“Who is it?” Camus was surprised.</p>
<p>Kolobo’s expression suddenly turned serious.</p>
<p>“I can’t say. I’ll die if I say it. I’ll die!”</p>
<p>With that, the thin Beyonder swiftly left Camus’s office.</p>
<hr />
<p>Upon returning to Hotel Orella, Lumian headed straight for the master bedroom.</p>
<p>In the subterranean suite, even during the scorching season, a refreshing coolness lingered in the air.</p>
<p>On the desk in the master bedroom, a neatly folded letter awaited Lumian.</p>
<p><em>Madam Magician’s response…</em> Lumian picked up the letter and began reading.</p>
<p>“Excellent. You have a good understanding of yourself.</p>
<p>“The Rose School of Thought and the Numinous Episcopate will be managed by dedicated personnel. No need for you to take unnecessary risks. Concentrate on dealing with Hisoka. If they request your help, you may cooperate.</p>
<p>“The Beyonder characteristics left behind by members of the Rose School of Thought, especially those of the Devil and Prisoner pathways, come with a certain level of troublesome corruption. It’s advisable not to sell them or randomly seek out an Artisan to craft items. If you need to, you can sell them to me or let me find an Artisan. Keeping them in the Traveler’s Bag is also fine. Compared to the Shadow Branch boxing gloves, Mr. Fool’s seal, and the attention and influence of other items on you, they’re as weak as an ordinary newborn baby.”</p>
<p>Relieved by this response, Lumian took a breath and activated the black mark on his right shoulder, vanishing from the room.</p>
<p>After a while, he materialized atop a bell tower on Avenue du Boulevard in Trier.</p>
<p>Gazing at the luxurious Champs-Élysées in the distance and the already lit lamps, Lumian couldn’t hold back any longer. He needed to carefully consider the information he had just obtained from Camus.</p>
<p>With the Berserk Sea, the Feynapotter Kingdom, and half of the Intis Republic between them, Lumian could devise a plan to hunt Hisoka without worrying about the enemy sensing malice and danger!</p>
<p>Perhaps only an Angel could sense over such a distance.</p>
<p>Though Lumian lacked specific information about his target or Hisoka’s identity and had no concrete plan, caution was paramount when he had the ability to be cautious.</p>
<p>Relying on his Ascetic trait, he endured, putting aside thoughts of the corresponding matters. Only when far from Port Pylos and the Southern Continent did he carefully consider details, allowing his thoughts to run free.</p>
<p>After an indeterminate amount of time, Lumian vanished from the bell tower.</p>
<p><em>Clang! Clang! Clang!</em></p>
<p>The pendulum clock struck 7 p.m.</p>
<hr />
<p>The next morning.</p>
<p>Upon entering the hall, Camus spotted Louis Berry, adorned in a golden straw hat, seated on a sofa in the reception area.</p>
<p>Why is he here again? Recalling Kolobo’s warning, Camus frowned and approached with concern.</p>
<p>“What can I do for you this time?” he asked calmly, keeping his emotions in check.</p>
<p>Lumian chuckled.</p>
<p>“I need some information, but it won’t be from you. Find a reliable teammate who isn’t privy to our discussion yesterday evening. Meet me at the Matani Import and Export Shop.</p>
<p>“I can offer 5,000 verl d’or for this.”</p>
<p><em>A peculiar request… 5,000 verl d’or. How generous… Is he trying to avoid a Devil’s danger premonition?</em> Camus, an experienced official Beyonder, quickly made the connection.</p>
<p>He refrained from overthinking and pondered for a moment before responding, “Agreed.”</p>
<p>Heading into the office area, Lumian rose and departed, making his way to the Matani Import and Export Shop nearby.</p>
<p>Soon, a man sat opposite Lumian, who was savoring his coffee.</p>
<p>The man, with dark hair and a relatively thin build, was a member of the patrol team who had accompanied them to the scene yesterday. Today, he wore dark-black sunglasses, giving him the appearance of a blind individual.</p>
<p>“I’m Kolobo. Camus mentioned a chance to earn 5,000 verl d’or,” the patrol team member introduced himself in fluent Intisian.</p>
<p>Amused, Lumian observed Kolobo’s demeanor. Taking out a pen and paper, he counted out 5,000 verl d’or notes and slid them over.</p>
<p>“Write down the Prisoner pathway Beyonder’s name and details from the patrol team. Ensure I don’t catch sight of it. Fold it into a square after writing.”</p>
<p>Kolobo, almost as if blind, fumbled for the banknotes.</p>
<p>He bent down and counted, nearly burying his head under the table.</p>
<p>“Why aren’t you looking at me?” Lumian asked with curiosity.</p>
<p>Trembling, Kolobo replied, “I fear I might truly go blind.”</p>
<p><em>Are you able to see something you shouldn’t? From the Monster pathway?</em> Lumian pondered but refrained from probing further.</p>
<p>Kolobo turned around and swiftly wrote down the corresponding information on the table behind him, folding the paper and passing it to Lumian.</p>
<p>Without a second glance, Lumian promptly received the information and stowed it in his Traveler’s Bag.</p>
<p>After settling the bill for his coffee, he headed to the washroom.</p>
<p>His figure vanished once more.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
