<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch659.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-654-bounty" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 654: Bounty</h2>
<p><em>Louis Berry is back again?</em> Camus’s forehead twitched at the mention of the “straw hat guy.”</p>
<p>Since encountering the adventurer, his life had taken a tumultuous turn. First, he had “captured” the murderer in a serial killing case, then he unearthed clues related to a four-year-old case. Subsequently, the suspect had emerged, attempting to harm him and Kolobo, throwing the patrol team into chaos.</p>
<p>And now, Louis Berry was making another appearance?</p>
<p>Camus felt the weight on his chest, and his heart raced.</p>
<p>“Where is Louis Berry?” Reaza was already familiar with Camus’s account.</p>
<p>The patrol team member who had brought the report hastily answered, “Sitting in the hall.”</p>
<p>Reaza nodded, and he and Camus left the office, descending the stairs.</p>
<p>As they walked, Camus gradually snapped out of his daze.</p>
<p>He recalled Louis Berry’s suspicions about Twanaku the previous day, how he had abandoned his theories without delving into specifics, and how the adventurer had sought him out early in the morning, hoping to gather information indirectly. Shortly after Kolobo handed over Twanaku’s information, the latter had been attacked, leading to a fierce battle.</p>
<p><em>Did Louis Berry employ such a cautious inquiry to avoid triggering the Devil’s Danger Premonition? Was buying information from Kolobo a trap targeting Twanaku? No, hadn’t Twanaku sensed the corresponding danger? He could only sense it a minute or two in advance, and would it be too late by the time he discovered it?</em> As a former Sheriff and now an Interrogator, Camus swiftly made connections and speculations.</p>
<p>He believed that Louis Berry had likely identified Twanaku after learning about his preference for sugarless Fermo coffee. He hinted at suspicions regarding the police headquarters but refrained from going into specifics, fearing that Twanaku might foresee danger!</p>
<p>As for how Louis Berry set a trap for Twanaku without detection, Camus couldn’t puzzle it out for now.</p>
<p>Furthermore, he suspected that Louis Berry’s operation hadn’t been entirely successful. There were no signs from the Matani Import and Export Shop indicating Twanaku’s demise.</p>
<p>This was a Sequence 5 Desire Apostle, wielding the power of a Sequence 5 Wraith. Unless a demigod personally intervened, they might require two or three battle teams of Mid-Sequence Beyonders from pathways like Sun and Warrior to handle him. Alternatively, they needed to mobilize Beyonders at the level of a Sequence 5 Pirate Admiral, armed with potent mystical items.</p>
<p>Soon, Camus and Reaza spotted Louis Berry seated on the sofa in the hall’s guest area, his golden straw hat standing out in the sunlight.</p>
<p>“Monsieur Louis Berry, what brings you here again?” Camus inquired in deep Intisian.</p>
<p>Louis Berry gave Camus a deep look before smiling and addressing Reaza in fluent Dutanese, “I’m here to collect the bounty.”</p>
<p>As he spoke, he retrieved Twanaku’s head from his Traveler’s Bag.</p>
<p>Camus and Reaza observed the blood-stained face, the head with the broken horn, the vacant eyes, and the gruesome wound on the bridge of the nose, along with ten to twenty deep cuts.</p>
<p>Despite the severe damage, Camus, a former Sheriff, recognized the owner at a glance.</p>
<p>Twanaku Tupián!</p>
<p><em>He succeeded? Had he truly set a trap for a Desire Apostle and managed to defeat him?</em> Camus’s gaze shifted up, scrutinizing Louis Berry, a young man with the title of a great adventurer in the Fog Sea.</p>
<p>Such strength could rival any Pirate Admiral in the Five Seas!</p>
<p>Of course, this assessment applied only to individual abilities, excluding the subordinates of Pirate Admirals.</p>
<p>Reaza silently ascertained from a spiritual level. He turned to Camus and asked in Dutanese,</p>
<p>“Is it Twanaku?”</p>
<p>“Yes,” Camus confirmed, sighing inwardly.</p>
<p>The battle between Twanaku and Louis Berry had been fierce, resulting in his tragic demise. Not only were his eyes absent, but he was also covered in wounds, displaying signs of Devilification.</p>
<p>Reaza looked at Lumian and pondered for a moment before speaking in Dutanese, “I wonder if you’ve seen Twanaku’s wanted poster. The bounty is only 70,000 verl d’or.”</p>
<p>Back then, the bounty was set based on the criteria of a Serial Killer. It was only increased by 20,000 because this particular Serial Killer targeted Beyonders.</p>
<p>Lumian barely understood and switched to Intisian with a smile.</p>
<p>“If I wait two days to collect the bounty, will I be able to get more?”</p>
<p>Upon hearing this, Camus pondered for a moment and realized the validity of the statement.</p>
<p>In two days, their wanted posters would depict Desire Apostle and Wraith Twanaku, who had caused the deaths of several members of the patrol team, not the Serial Killer from the past!</p>
<p>Of course, with Matani’s financial resources, it was impossible to significantly raise the bounty. At most, they could double it and report the danger to the Church of Earth Mother, the Eternal Blazing Sun Church, and other official organizations in the Northern Continent to see if they would be willing to increase the bounty.</p>
<p>After Camus translated Lumian’s words into Dutanese, Reaza remained silent, unsure of how to respond.</p>
<p>For the patrol team, 70,000 to 80,000 verl d’or was a substantial sum!</p>
<p>Without waiting for a response, Lumian added with a smile, “But there’s no need to add to the bounty. Just fulfill two of my requests. Two simple ones.”</p>
<p>“What are they?” Reaza asked in a deep voice after hearing Camus’s translation.</p>
<p>Lumian chuckled in response, stating, “Firstly, I want to see all the dossiers related to Tizamo Town. Secondly, I’m very curious about Twanaku’s card and want to take a look. Of course, I’ll just take a look.”</p>
<p>“You want to investigate last year’s incident in Tizamo Town? Isn’t your sole purpose in Port Pylos to find Twanaku?” Camus asked, puzzled.</p>
<p>Lumian chuckled.</p>
<p>“Need I remind you? Twanaku’s hometown is Tizamo Town.”</p>
<p><em>Wh—</em> Camus suddenly felt that the matter with Twanaku wouldn’t conclude with the other party’s death. There were still many secrets hidden behind it.</p>
<p>Louis Berry had mentioned this from the beginning.</p>
<p>After translating their conversation for Reaza, Camus sensed that the patrol team’s previous investigation of the Tizamo Town incident might have concluded too hastily.</p>
<p>Eyeing Louis Berry, who had successfully taken down a Desire Apostle wielding Wraith powers, the chilly Reaza fell silent for a few seconds before uttering, “Who tasked you with looking into Twanaku?”</p>
<p>Without giving a direct response, Lumian inquired, “Did he declare himself a member of the temperance faction, a follower of The Fool?”</p>
<p>“It’s not a self-proclamation. We verified it,” Reaza confidently replied after hearing Camus’s translation.</p>
<p><em>As anticipated…</em> Just making confirmation, Lumian stood up for the Church of The Fool, stating,* *“Traitors can surface in any organization, and there’ll be individuals with hidden agendas attempting to infiltrate.”</p>
<p>“That’s indeed our problem,” Camus sincerely concluded. “We shouldn’t solely rely on the organization they’re affiliated with to determine a person’s character or whether they can be recruited. We also need to observe their words and actions.”</p>
<p>After careful consideration, Reaza agreed to Lumian’s request.</p>
<p>While assigning another patrol team member to aid Lumian in the process and collect the bounty, he instructed Camus to show Lumian the poker card.</p>
<hr />
<p>In the cold and silent underground corridor, Camus gazed at Lumian and cautiously asked, “What are you investigating?”</p>
<p>This had already led to the death of a Sequence 5 Desire Apostle!</p>
<p>Lumian emitted a soft chuckle.</p>
<p>“It’s dangerous to know too much.”</p>
<p>Camus fell silent, wisely choosing not to inquire further, drawing from past experiences.</p>
<p>As Lumian advanced, he casually asked, “How many members of the patrol team perished this time?”</p>
<p>“Four. All under Twanaku’s control.” Camus gave a self-deprecating smile. “We’ll be recruiting new members before the end of the year. They’re fortunate. Those with suitable pathways don’t have to worry about subsequent Sequence potions. If they aren’t from the correct pathways, they can use Sealed Artifacts.”</p>
<p>This was how the resources of an official organization gradually accumulated.</p>
<p>Lumian nodded slightly.</p>
<p>“How’s Kolobo?”</p>
<p>Camus’s smile grew more relaxed.</p>
<p>“He’s fine. He’s almost healed.”</p>
<p>As they conversed, they arrived at a room adorned with cold bones. A metallic poker card lay on the table in the middle.</p>
<p>“Be careful. It will burrow into your body and control you like a Wraith,” Camus warned.</p>
<p>Lumian nodded slightly and approached, reaching out for the card with the ten of spades on its face.</p>
<p>A bone-like sensation entered his mind, accompanied by a chilling cold.</p>
<p>Lumian’s right hand quickly became encased in a layer of frost.</p>
<p>The frost rapidly crystallized and extended towards his arm.</p>
<p>Simultaneously, the card’s surface underwent a transformation, revealing a grayish-white joker.</p>
<p>It rapidly etherealized, poised to merge with Lumian’s body.</p>
<p>Silently, Lumian’s arm burst into brilliant white flames. With a swift flick of his palm, he accurately pressed his thumb onto the poker card that hadn’t completely dissipated, right onto the joker’s face.</p>
<p>The poker card fell into silence.</p>
<p>Frost detached from Lumian’s arm, descended to the ground, and melted into water.</p>
<p><em>Zombie’s Frost, Wraith’s Possession… This is really a mystical item from the Prisoner pathway…</em> Lumian swiftly made a basic assessment.</p>
<p>However, the transformation abilities displayed by the poker cards didn’t align with his understanding of the Prisoner pathway. Instead, they resembled superficial applications of a Faceless.</p>
<p><em>Could it be corruption brought about by the Celestial Worthy? Also, when the temperance faction provides resources, it’s impossible to directly give Wraith. They start from low Sequences and work their way up… Did this poker card strengthen time and time again? Does Hisoka have a permanent Artisan collaborator?</em> Lumian withdrew his gaze from the poker card and slowly retreated to Camus’s side.</p>
<p>“I’m done,” he thought for a moment and said, “Be careful when using this item.”</p>
<p>Camus nodded.</p>
<p>“We’ll treat it as a Sealed Artifact rather than a mystical item.”</p>
<p>Upon returning to the surface, Camus gathered all the dossiers related to Tizamo Town.</p>
<p>Lumian sorted through the items and picked up one of them.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
