<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch665.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-660-across-the-door" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 660: Across the Door</h2>
<p>Without hesitation, Lugano pushed himself up and hurried to the fallen horse, carefully examining it.</p>
<p>After a few seconds, he exclaimed regretfully, “It’s dead!”</p>
<p>The poor horse was unlucky. Despite being over a hundred meters away, it was hit twice by a flurry of gunshots. One bullet struck its side, and the other hit its head. It couldn’t be any more dead.</p>
<p>In contrast, the carriage driver remained unscathed. At most, he had scraped his skin during the tumble.</p>
<p>Lumian glanced at Kolobo, who had his back turned to him and the others, seemingly on guard against any potential attacks from the depths of the forest. He led Ludwig, who had been thrown from the carriage, to the side of the motionless, bleeding horse corpse.</p>
<p>“Stop the bleeding,” Lumian instructed Lugano.</p>
<p><em>Why stop it when the horse is already dead? </em>Although Lugano didn’t understand, he extended his shimmering palm.</p>
<p>After the dead horse’s wounds closed, Lumian turned to Ludwig and said, “Your turn.”</p>
<p>Ludwig, dressed in a child’s formal attire, nodded slightly.</p>
<p>He extended his right palm, gripping the dead horse with his five fingers, and slowly raised it.</p>
<p>The blood-stained corpse of the horse suddenly stood up, causing the overturned carriage to shift slightly.</p>
<p>Upon seeing this, Camus gave a barely perceptible nod.</p>
<p><em>Is this child from the Death pathway or the Prisoner pathway?</em></p>
<p><em>However, there’s no cold aura or corpse-like aura…</em></p>
<p>After Lugano righted the carriage, the undead horse corpse continued pulling the five of them towards Tizamo.</p>
<p>Just before noon, Lumian spotted their destination.</p>
<p>It was a small town half-encircled by rubber trees, acacia trees, laurels, and other vegetation. Several plantations dotted the muddy road, and the air was filled with different spice scents and the alluring smell of roasted meat.</p>
<p>Tizamo’s buildings were unique. Apart from the Eternal Blazing Sun Church cathedral, which had a distinct northern style, the rest were propped up by wooden stakes and stone pillars. They were reminiscent of West Balam—the base deliberately left empty underneath.</p>
<p>This was due to the humid air and abundant rainfall in many West Balam areas. Water would often overflow and pool below.</p>
<p>Lumian climbed down from the four-wheeled, four-seater carriage, watching the people busy with their tasks in the plantation and the town.</p>
<hr />
<p>Trier, Quartier de la Cathédrale Commémorative, Apartment 702, 9 Rue Orosai.</p>
<p>Franca reclined in the recliner, rocking gently as she recollected the previous day’s events.</p>
<p>After Jenna woke up that morning, she went out to the streets to buy meat, vegetables, fruits, and bread, making Franca wonder if she had experienced a wet dream or hallucination.</p>
<p><em>Why did she suddenly volunteer to help me with digesting the potion? Compared to most Trieriens, she can definitely be considered conservative…</em></p>
<p><em>Moreover, she was so direct and straightforward that I almost lost my desires out of shock. Shouldn’t she flirt first to set the mood? When the time comes, even if she doesn’t initiate, I won’t be able to control myself…</em> The more Franca thought about it, the more puzzled she became. She felt Jenna wouldn’t normally act that way.</p>
<p>After recalling Jenna’s past experiences and actions, she realized there was no issue.</p>
<p>That was precisely what Jenna would do!</p>
<p><em>Jenna has a bold nature, or rather, a personality that allows her to act decisively…</em></p>
<p><em>After the Showy Diva singer who helped her was raped by Margot and became unstable, she was truly willing to go to extremes to assassinate Margot and avenge her friend. To that end, she even indebted herself to me for the Assassin potion and firmly became a Beyonder despite her finances…</em></p>
<p><em>At the Hugues Artois banquet, she faced the Member of Parliament protected by official Beyonders and evil gods’ minions. She risked everything, disregarding her own fate. She killed the bastard who brought catastrophe to the market district and her family on the spot…</em></p>
<p><em>In her heart, I should still be more important than that Showy Diva friend of hers. Suddenly going to extremes and offering to help me with the potion’s effects is indeed something she would do…</em></p>
<p><em>Besides, sigh, this definitely isn’t a spur-of-the-moment idea. She has asked me several times about my progress digesting the Pleasure potion and if I have a new partner. She even recommended Lumian…</em></p>
<p><em>Realizing that I haven’t found a new partner and that I’m only open-minded outwardly, she decided to act after being stirred by Lumian advancing to Sequence 5 yesterday…</em></p>
<p><em>That doesn’t seem enough reason—Jenna wouldn’t sacrifice her body because of just those things. Sigh, sacrifice…</em></p>
<p><em>Could it be that she had long realized I secretly liked her and didn’t seek out a new partner because of her? Could she believe she affected my digesting the Pleasure potion, causing her to act?</em></p>
<p><em>Yes! That must be it. That’s the only way she’d truly go to such extremes.</em></p>
<p><em>Ahhh! Why can’t I find any hint of romantic love?</em></p>
<p>Franca wailed inwardly.</p>
<p>If she had known this would happen, she would have summoned her courage, toughened her resolve, and sought Lumian’s help. That way, she wouldn’t feel as conflicted and pained as she did now.</p>
<p>Of course, she didn’t seek out a new intimate partner partly because she cared about Jenna’s opinion.</p>
<p>She had become Gardner Martin’s lover and shared his other lovers before meeting Jenna. There was no changing that history, so she continued on.</p>
<p>After Gardner Martin’s demise, she had claimed she wanted Browns to experience true pleasure and participate in the Demoness’s female orgies, but most of it was just talk. She was filled with anticipation only out of novelty. If Browns suddenly agreed, she might hesitate and make excuses.</p>
<p>She didn’t want to leave an unrestrained image in Jenna or Lumian’s minds.</p>
<p>To put it simply, her answer to the question “Is there really no one in this world you care about?” had changed, so she was hesitant to actively pursue a new intimate partner.</p>
<p><em>Jenna had no substantial intimate experience, so she didn’t know how to set a mood for such situations. She could only revert to the straightforward seduction from when she was Little Minx, but she didn’t want to deceive my feelings and make me fall deeper. That’s why she acted that way yesterday.</em></p>
<p><em>Thankfully, she’s relatively level-headed. She didn’t seek a lover to make me give up, allowing me to truly find a new intimate partner. Yes, she might think that would be giving me prolonged pain and not prolonged pleasure. It would have hindered my digestion of the potion…</em> Franca felt even more dejected after piecing together the entire situation.</p>
<p><em>†</em></p>
<p>On the stairs leading to Apartment 702.</p>
<p>Jenna held a bag of bread and a basket of beef, vegetables, and fruits, reluctant to go back inside.</p>
<p>Recalling yesterday’s events made her blush, unsure of how to face Franca.</p>
<p>In her previous days as a Showy Diva singer, she had witnessed others’ affection and felt it was just so-so. Although exciting, she thought she could endure it.</p>
<p>Unexpectedly, after experiencing it for real, she realized pleasure could make people become consumed by it.</p>
<p><em>Phew…</em> Jenna took a few deep breaths to calm herself.</p>
<p>What troubled her now was how to interact with Franca.</p>
<p><em>Wait, should I pretend nothing happened and face her with my usual demeanor? Should I be more cheerful and take the initiative to mention yesterday, pretending it’s no big deal so Franca doesn’t mind?</em></p>
<p><em>But won’t this upset her? She needs to digest the Pleasure potion…</em></p>
<p><em>Besides, one pleasure encounter is definitely not enough. I have to spend time with her as a couple…</em></p>
<p><em>Should I keep seducing her tonight like yesterday, or wait for her to initiate?</em></p>
<p><em>Dammit, how annoying!</em></p>
<p>Jenna found such matters more vexing than assassinating powerful figures. Whether avenging herself on Margot or killing Hugues Artois, she had always felt death was the worst outcome—no big deal. However, this situation clearly hadn’t reached life-or-death stakes. The subsequent troubles would linger.</p>
<p>Jenna couldn’t help but feel frustrated at the thought of maintaining an intimate physical relationship with Franca and all the complexities involved. She wished she could simply assassinate the Minister of Industry, Moran Avigny, instead.</p>
<p>Taking deep breaths to steady her emotions, Jenna analyzed how to approach this from an actress’s perspective to make Franca more accepting of future intimacies.</p>
<p>She had already taken the first bold step. She definitely wasn’t willing to give up now. She planned to continue their relationship until Franca finished digesting the Pleasure potion’s effects.</p>
<p>After figuring out her next move, Jenna’s lips curled into a faint smile.</p>
<p>Carrying bread and ingredients, she briskly climbed the stairs and returned to Apartment 702.</p>
<p>As soon as she opened the door, Franca jumped up from the recliner instinctively and forced a smile. She said nervously, “You’re back?”</p>
<p>Amused by Franca’s actions, Jenna chuckled and sighed inwardly.</p>
<p><em>How great would it be if you didn’t want to become lovers…</em></p>
<p>Jenna calmly walked to the dining table and placed her items on it. Then, she glared at Franca.</p>
<p>“What are you waiting for? Help me!”</p>
<p>“Alright, alright.” Franca hurried over.</p>
<p>Seeing that Jenna wasn’t reserved or distant, nor reverted to her usual demeanor, she felt an inexplicable relief. She even began to anticipate the night’s arrival.</p>
<hr />
<p><em>Sizzle. Sizzle.</em></p>
<p>The juices from a piece of beef dripped onto the fire, transforming into smoke that swirled upwards, blending with the aroma of spices. This caused Ludwig to swallow a few mouthfuls of saliva.</p>
<p>However, the boy patiently waited, not rushing the cook until the beef roasted to its optimal state.</p>
<p>Lumian turned his body and gazed at a three-story building diagonally across from the restaurant.</p>
<p>The yellowish-brown house was the former residence rebuilt by Hisoka Twanaku.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
