<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch673.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-668-dream-person" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 668: Dream Person?</h2>
<p>Rhea gazed at the figure perched on the tree branch, a surreal scene playing out before her like a dream. Correction: This was a dream.</p>
<p>The other Rhea’s frigid expression masked a deep-seated hatred as she drew the bowstring once more, causing the arrow to crackle with silver lightning.</p>
<p>As Lumian contemplated teleporting behind Rhea on the tree to probe her control in this eerily realistic dream and question her about her apparent “knowledge” of the situation, his surroundings quivered and fragmented into disjointed scenes.</p>
<p>The scenes overlapped and promptly shattered.</p>
<p>Simultaneously, Lumian, Rhea, and Camus opened their eyes. Crimson moonlight spilled through the window, accompanied by the primal roars of wild beasts from the nearby forest.</p>
<p>They found themselves still on the second floor of Hisoka’s house.</p>
<p>Camus jolted upright, eyeing the mosquito repellent candle that had burned out, leaving behind a mere stub. Charred mosquito corpses littered the area.</p>
<p>“Are we awake? Have we returned to reality?” Camus questioned, uncertainty clouding his expression.</p>
<p>Leaning against a wooden pillar, Lumian chuckled.</p>
<p>“That should be the case, but I won’t claim we’re 100% out of the dream.</p>
<p>“We’ll need to verify through various details in the coming period.”</p>
<p>The simplest method involved checking Ludwig’s whereabouts and state.</p>
<p>Although asking Termiboros could provide an accurate answer, there was no guarantee the fellow would answer or respond truthfully.</p>
<p>Camus nodded, his gaze shifting to Rhea, who had remained silent since waking up. After a brief pause, he spoke.</p>
<p>“We seem to have witnessed another version of you at the dream’s boundary.”</p>
<p>Another Rhea, embodying entirely different emotions and states.</p>
<p>Rhea stayed silent for a moment before admitting, “I saw it too.</p>
<p>“She appears much like the intense emotions I mentioned earlier—the ones slumbering in my heart.”</p>
<p>Lumian adjusted his golden straw hat, standing up on his own legs. He spoke thoughtfully, “Could that dream absorb the intense emotions in Tizamo and give rise to the corresponding Dream Person—an even more extreme and emotional entity?”</p>
<p>“So, the longer one stays in Tizamo, the more subdued they become,” Camus concurred with Louis Berry’s hypothesis, and Rhea nodded in agreement.</p>
<p><em>Mirror People… Dream People… How many peculiar entities lingered in the shadows of this world?</em> Lumian massaged his temples and strode towards the stairs leading to the surface.</p>
<p>“That concludes tonight’s attempt,” he casually declared.</p>
<p>Camus and Rhea followed closely, confirming their escape from the dream through the return of livestock and the commotion in the house.</p>
<p>They waited until Lumian entered the Brieu Motel before halting, concealing themselves in the shadows diagonally opposite.</p>
<hr />
<p>Lumian pushed open the door to the suite, spotting Ludwig at the dining table, devouring a roasted banana with gusto. In his other hand, he wielded a child’s fork, delving into a special salad crafted from the heart of a palm tree.</p>
<p>Observing this, Lumian was certain that this wasn’t a dream.</p>
<p>He cast a glance at Lugano, who was dozing off, and nonchalantly inquired of Ludwig, “Do you dream when you sleep?”</p>
<p>Despite being occupied, Ludwig replied, “Yes.”</p>
<p>Lumian nodded thoughtfully.</p>
<p>“Have you had any dreams in the past few days?”</p>
<p>Taking a moment between bites of grilled river fish, Ludwig responded, “Yes.”</p>
<p>“What dreams did you have?” Lumian removed his golden straw hat, stowing it back into his Traveler’s Bag.</p>
<p>Ludwig replied with a muffled voice, “Eat, eat, eat…”</p>
<p><em>Indeed, I shouldn’t expect much…</em> Lumian chuckled self-deprecatingly and turned his attention to Lugano.</p>
<p>“What dreams did you have?”</p>
<p>Is there something wrong with the dreams here? Lugano contemplated asking but decided to answer truthfully.</p>
<p>“All kinds of dreams…”</p>
<p>He paused before adding, “Perhaps it’s been too long since I went out alone. Haha, I didn’t have a chance to release my pent-up emotions. Occasionally, I’d dream of women and such matters, only to realize that something was amiss. Either the target transformed into a monster, or the initially alluring woman was covered in tree warts, wheat, and mushrooms… Then, I’d wake up in shock.”</p>
<p>As an Intisian, he had no reservations discussing such topics.</p>
<p><em>According to the psychology taught by Anthony, your pent-up desires and fear of the dangers in Tizamo are a mix of unresolved factors…</em> Lumian commented inwardly and smiled.</p>
<p>“You can explore the Giant Boa bar alone, find a local lady, or mingle with the ladies and maids in the plantation outside. As long as you ensure food for Ludwig, he’ll manage on his own.”</p>
<p>Initially, Lugano’s heart raced, but the potential dangers outside soon came to mind.</p>
<p>Lumian headed towards the master bedroom, leaving a parting sentence with a smile.</p>
<p>“Of course, I can’t guarantee those ladies won’t turn into monsters or undergo anomalies after your little adventure.”</p>
<p>“…” Lugano couldn’t help but shudder at the imagined scenario.</p>
<p>He glanced at Ludwig, finding comfort in staying by the boy’s side.</p>
<p>Until all the stored food was consumed, he considered himself safe!</p>
<hr />
<p>In the shadows diagonally opposite the Brieu Motel, Rhea observed in silence for a while before suddenly speaking up.</p>
<p>“Since there won’t be any new reinforcements from the Admiral Guard, and only Deputy Captain Reaza will come from the patrol team, why didn’t you leave Tizamo directly? Why did you stay here and attempt to resolve the Dream Festival problem?”</p>
<p>As long as he escaped Matani, the Admiral Guard and patrol team wouldn’t have the resources to track and punish them. At most, they could issue a wanted poster, but they wouldn’t be able to pay a high bounty.</p>
<p>Camus scratched his disheveled brown hair, smiling wryly.</p>
<p>“As you know, my previous Sequence was a Sheriff. It tied seamlessly with the patrol team’s usual work, making me yearn to maintain order in Matani and safeguard the lives of the people here.</p>
<p>“The potion not only brings strength but also affects you in many ways.”</p>
<p>He exhaled and continued, “Besides, Captain Reaza is about to arrive. I have to help him. I have to repay what I owe him.”</p>
<p>Camus didn’t disclose another reason: his confidence in the adventurer Louis Berry and the Church of The Fool behind him. He believed that with Louis Berry present, the situation would be threatening but not perilous.</p>
<p>Rhea didn’t press further, continuing to gaze diagonally at the Brieu Motel.</p>
<p>Camus glanced at her.</p>
<p>“What about you? Why don’t you leave Tizamo with Loban and the others now? The three of you can form a team. Some local admirals will be willing to take you in.”</p>
<p>Rhea’s eyes remained fixed on Louis Berry’s suite as she stayed silent.</p>
<p>After a prolonged silence, just as Camus thought she wouldn’t answer, Rhea suddenly spoke.</p>
<p>“When I was in the most pain and despair, it was the Church who helped me. After that, it was the patrol team who gave me a new beginning and a new life.”</p>
<p>Recalling the cold Rhea’s face filled with hatred in the dream, Camus sighed sincerely and said, “It hasn’t been easy for you.”</p>
<p>The moment he finished speaking, Rhea sneered.</p>
<p>“You’re the most contradictory person I’ve ever encountered. In the past, I’ve often heard you talk about which states and islands the Feynapotter Kingdom should invade, which mines and valleys they should seize, and how they should establish more colonies in the Southern Continent. But now, you’re showing pity towards me.</p>
<p>“I can sense your sincerity. You genuinely feel pain for me, but that’s why I can’t help but want to say something.”</p>
<p>Camus found himself at a loss for words.</p>
<p>Indeed, it was a contradiction.</p>
<p>He also realized that Rhea’s emotions had become even more turbulent after encountering herself in the dream. She seemed more willing to open up.</p>
<p><em>Could this be the result of encountering extreme emotions? Or perhaps those who hadn’t spent more than a year in Tizamo might resist the dream’s influence to some extent if they grasped the truth of “obedience”?</em> Camus quickly thought of the plantations outside the town and individuals like Sir Petit, Miss Amandina, Monsieur Robert, and the others.</p>
<p>These gentlemen and ladies weren’t easily subdued.</p>
<p>The special dream had evidently encompassed both the out-of-town plantation and the garrison barracks.</p>
<p>Camus figured out the reason: These gentlemen and ladies spent at least half their time in Port Pylos each year.</p>
<p>This also explained why he was familiar with them.</p>
<hr />
<p>At noon the next day, shortly after Lumian dispatched the letter, he received a prompt reply from Madam Magician:</p>
<p>“Did the Eternal Blazing Sun Church present this price, or was it your offer?</p>
<p>“Can a Grade 1 Sealed Artifact be exchanged for such trifles?</p>
<p>“If I didn’t know the kind of person you are, I would suspect that you concealed more than half of the offer from the Eternal Blazing Sun Church.</p>
<p>“In addition to the information related to this Grade 1 Sealed Artifact, ensure the Eternal Blazing Sun Church provides an additional 50,000 pounds worth of gold at the highest exchange rate in the past three months.</p>
<p>“Don’t worry, gold is the last thing they need.”</p>
<p><em>Gold worth 50,000 pounds… That’s approximately 1.2 million verl d’or worth of gold. Why would Madam Magician require such a substantial amount of gold?</em> Recalling the importance of gold in mysticism, the Armored Shadow’s need to reconstruct its golden body, and the widespread use of gold in Death-related domains, he swiftly arrived at a realization.</p>
<p>A subtle detail caught his attention.</p>
<p>Madam Magician used the Loen Kingdom’s gold pound to express the value of gold.</p>
<p><em>Does this imply her recent activity in the Loen Kingdom?</em> Lumian nodded thoughtfully, considering whether to summon Jenna’s messenger, Rabbit Chasel, to convey Madam Magician’s request, or to return to Trier personally for discussions on the Dream Festival with Franca, Jenna, and Anthony.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
