<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch679.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-674-manor" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 674: Manor</h2>
<p>Upon hearing Rhea’s question, Lumian snapped to his senses and turned to Lugano.</p>
<p>In his haste to save and “seal” Lugano, he had overlooked Lugano’s condition!</p>
<p>Ever since this Doctor had gotten his injuries under control, he had been responding to Lumian’s questions. He was lucid and rational, a stark contrast to the other participants in the Dream Festival.</p>
<p>It had to be known that even Ludwig, the monster himself, couldn’t effectively control his appetite and had resorted to devouring humans!</p>
<p>Moreover, Lugano had never slept in Hisoka’s house, nor had he entered this peculiar dream realm before!</p>
<p>Seeing Rhea, Camus, and his employer staring at him intently, Lugano, still grappling with the lingering pain, was utterly perplexed.</p>
<p>“Why wouldn’t I be lucid?</p>
<p>“Aren’t you all still in your right minds?”</p>
<p>Everyone seems to be in the same state. Why should I be the only one with an issue?</p>
<p>Lumian carefully observed Lugano’s emotions and asked in a calm tone, “Have you ventured outside the motel recently?”</p>
<p>“I did. I assisted Ludwig in purchasing roasted meat and pastries made from palm tree cores,” Lugano recalled.</p>
<p>Lumian smiled.</p>
<p>“Did you sleep anywhere other than the motel?”</p>
<p>“No, I wouldn’t dare to engage with the women here.” Lugano shook his head without hesitation.</p>
<p>He was evidently a little regretful about this, as there were numerous mixed-blood girls in Tizamo who possessed a different allure compared to those in the Northern Continent.</p>
<p>As the two men conversed, Camus and Rhea meticulously searched for any abnormalities in Lugano’s body. However, apart from being sufficiently lucid and lacking excessive emotions and desires, Lugano appeared to be unaffected by the strange phenomenon.</p>
<p>Lumian looked at Lugano with a thoughtful smile and said, “We’re being forced to participate in an event called the Dream Festival. Simply put, we’re dreaming. We can do anything in this dream, but if we die here, we’ll die in reality too.</p>
<p>“Aside from us, everyone in Tizamo is under the influence of intense emotions and desires, just like Ludwig.</p>
<p>“They’re conscious—strictly speaking—but they’ve chosen to show their malice and express their long-suppressed desires. If we can subdue them, we might be able to communicate, but they’ll instinctively try to deceive us.”</p>
<p>Remembering how the café owner, Bunia, had immediately changed his attitude after being targeted by her arrow and begged for mercy, Rhea agreed with Louis Berry’s judgment.</p>
<p>The Dream Festival participants weren’t stupid or crazy. Their excessive desires and emotions were the main cause of their uncontrollable evil!</p>
<p>“I see…” Lugano finally understood.</p>
<p>Realizing what Rhea’s question meant, he blurted out, “Why are we lucid and rational?”</p>
<p>After a pause, Lugano’s voice lowered as he added, “W-why can I stay lucid and rational?”</p>
<p>Lumian smiled.</p>
<p>“We can stay lucid and rational because we entered this special dream before. We left marks and auras in certain places.</p>
<p>“As for you, I’m not sure why.”</p>
<p>As he spoke, he watched Lugano’s face closely, observing the change in his servant’s expression.</p>
<p>Lugano said in a daze, his voice tinged with fear, “I don’t know why this is happening either…”</p>
<p>Noticing that Lugano remained calm even after his issue was brought to light, Lumian seized the chance to glimpse into his servant’s luck.</p>
<p><em>Currently amidst a bloody calamity, Lugano might fall victim to an ailment in the coming days… The first part makes sense, considering Ludwig has just eaten half his arm. But what does the second half imply? Could the Dream Festival span several days? Impossible. If it truly lasted that long, Tizamo’s predicament would have been discovered much earlier… Does this suggest that Lugano would succumb to an illness during the Dream Festival itself? An illness similar to death in the waking world, one that wouldn’t be instantly cured even if he awakens and receives the Mass’s blessing?</em> Lumian quietly pondered the meaning behind Lugano’s revealed fate.</p>
<p>Shifting his gaze to Camus and Rhea, he realized that they, too, would soon face a grim and bloody ordeal. If they failed to navigate it properly, they risked slipping further into peril.</p>
<p>As these thoughts swirled in Lumian’s mind, he turned to Camus and Rhea and declared, “I’m taking my servant with us.”</p>
<p>It wasn’t an act of kindness or generosity. Rather, Lumian feared that leaving Lugano to his own devices, given his inexplicable lucidity and rationality, might trigger the abnormality within him and alter the course of the Dream Festival in unpredictable ways.</p>
<p>Better to keep him close at hand, where he could be monitored and any potential accidents prevented. If Lugano truly unleashed a dire problem, Lumian could always end his life first, eliminating any future complications.</p>
<p>Camus and Rhea exchanged disgruntled glances before conceding, “It’s your call to make.”</p>
<p>“We must hurry to Twanaku’s house,” Lumian reiterated his earlier proposal.</p>
<p>Camus’s gaze drifted toward the cubicle where Kolobo lay hidden, a hint of hesitation in his voice as he asked, “Any idea where Captain Reaza and the others might be?”</p>
<p>“They were supposed to appear beside me when the Dream Festival began, but they were nowhere to be seen,” Lumian admitted, recounting the situation honestly.</p>
<p>Perhaps the dream’s correspondence to reality was imperfect. The location where each person entered this peculiar dreamscape might be influenced by factors like their understanding, the dream’s state, where they had slept, and myriad other variables.</p>
<p>Lumian mused that if he hadn’t maintained his lucidity and rationality, he might have awoken in the master bedroom of the Brieu Motel’s suite.</p>
<p>“Should we try to locate them first?” Camus proposed, a note of uncertainty in his tone.</p>
<p>Lumian let out a wry chuckle.</p>
<p>“Why? To engage them in combat?”</p>
<p>Neither Reaza nor Maslow had ever slept in Hisoka’s house before. The likelihood of them lacking self-control and succumbing to malice and base desires was high.</p>
<p>When the time came, Lumian might not possess the strength to control the pace and intensity of the battle against such formidable Beyonders as he did with ordinary folk, not without the risk of causing deaths.</p>
<p>Camus and Rhea lapsed into a simultaneous silence, neither keen on the prospect of a life-and-death struggle with their own teammates.</p>
<p>Just as Lumian was about to signal the two patrol team members to approach, Camus gritted his teeth as he declared, “There’s somewhere I need to go before I head to Twanaku’s house.”</p>
<p>“And where might that be?” Lumian inquired, raising an eyebrow.</p>
<p>Camus replied in a deep voice, “Palm Manor.”</p>
<p>Lumian chuckled.</p>
<p>“You wish to rescue Miss Amandina?”</p>
<p>Camus nodded firmly, a hint of embarrassment tinging his features.</p>
<p>“Yes, that’s right.”</p>
<p>“You needn’t worry. This is merely a dream. If one is violated within the dream, they’ll only experience a touch of hysteria upon waking. No substantial harm will befall them,” Lumian stated matter-of-factly, his intention not to provoke Camus.</p>
<p>Camus’s expression remained unwavering.</p>
<p>“I’m aware. But I fear she may not be able to cope with it in her dream state and might resort to drastic measures. It could lead to her demise.”</p>
<p>Without waiting for Lumian’s response, Camus spoke gravely, “You can proceed to Twanaku’s house first. I’ll make my way to Palm Manor and rendezvous with you later.”</p>
<p>“By the time you’re done, we might not be at Twanaku’s house anymore,” Rhea cautioned him.</p>
<p>Camus nodded gently.</p>
<p>“I’ve made this decision of my own accord. I’m prepared to bear any consequences that may follow.”</p>
<p>Lumian locked eyes with Camus, remaining silent for a stretch.</p>
<p>Camus felt an indescribable pressure weighing upon him, his mind conjuring the tragic outcomes he might face, but he pursed his lips and refused to retract his suggestion.</p>
<p>After more than ten seconds of silence, his expression unchanged, Lumian finally spoke.</p>
<p>“Let us head to Palm Manor now.”</p>
<p>Huh? Before Camus could react, Lumian’s hand firmly grasped his shoulder.</p>
<p>Simultaneously, Lumian’s other hand darted out, reaching for Rhea’s arm.</p>
<p>Rhea’s instinctive reaction was to dodge, but the memory of how Lugano had been transported flashed through her mind.</p>
<p>Her tense shoulders relaxed a fraction.</p>
<p>With Camus and Rhea securely in his grasp, Lumian shot Lugano a meaningful look.</p>
<p>Lugano, displaying a practiced ease, approached and latched onto a corner of Lumian’s vest.</p>
<p>In the next second, Lumian’s figure blurred, the haziness rapidly spreading to engulf Camus, Rhea, and Lugano.</p>
<p>As Rhea and Camus found themselves surrounded by layers of indescribable colors and formless objects, intense emotions surged within their hearts.</p>
<p><em>Could this be the spirit world?</em></p>
<p><em>Is this what teleportation feels like?</em></p>
<p><em>Was this how the great adventurer, Gehrman Sparrow, managed to appear before any pirate at a moment’s notice?</em></p>
<p>Having witnessed Louis Berry’s abrupt disappearance and subsequent return with his servant in tow, Camus and Rhea had speculated that this might be the famed teleportation ability that had become the stuff of legend across the Five Seas, thanks to Gehrman Sparrow’s extraordinary exploits.</p>
<p>It seemed their suspicions had been right on the mark!</p>
<p>Matani’s patrol team boasted numerous adventurers among its ranks, and Camus and Rhea were well-versed in the myriad rumors that circulated the Five Seas.</p>
<p>The instant they experienced teleportation firsthand, their bodies departed the dream’s spirit world, rematerializing before a four-story beige edifice.</p>
<p>This was none other than the main building of Palm Manor.</p>
<p>In the blink of an eye, Lumian, Camus, Rhea, and Lugano had reached their destination.</p>
<p>The manor was awash with cries, screams, sinister laughter, and high-pitched singing.</p>
<p>Just over ten meters from the main building, near a garden shrubbery, a mixed-blood lady’s maid lay pinned to the ground by a group of slaves, her clothes half-stripped as she cried out in desperation.</p>
<p>She struggled with all her might, but how could she hope to resist the adult men? She was utterly helpless, pinned down and at their mercy.</p>
<p>Witnessing this scene, the former Sheriff, Camus, instinctively yearned to intervene, but he quickly reminded himself that this was a dream. Such events wouldn’t truly impact reality. At most, they would result in a certain degree of curable hysteria.</p>
<p><em>It would be a waste of time to stop it, and it would only serve to delay my search for Amandina. Moreover, it would be pointless…</em> Camus warned himself, forcibly averting his gaze as he ascended the steps into the main building.</p>
<p>At that moment, Rhea, who had been silent for a couple of seconds, turned from facing the manor’s main building.</p>
<p>“You guys head in first.”</p>
<p>With her back to Lumian, Camus, and Lugano, she spoke in a nonchalant tone. Leaning forward slightly, she strode purposefully towards the bushes at the garden’s edge, making her way to the mixed-blood lady’s maid who was being violated by the slaves.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
