<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch694.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-689-precision" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 689: Precision</h2>
<p>Although Lumian’s target was clear, he didn’t immediately attack Hisoka’s dream projection. This was because his opponent was still beside the black ancient tomb, and under the gaze of three items with godhood power, Lumian might be targeted by all of them if he teleported over.</p>
<p>The three items hadn’t reached the point where Lumian couldn’t be under their gaze simultaneously, and they appeared to last only a few minutes. However, they displayed certain humanoid characteristics, as if they possessed the ability to think and make decisions on their own. If targeted by them, it would be no different from facing weakened Sequence 4 demigods.</p>
<p>Under such circumstances, Lumian naturally wouldn’t take the initiative to enter the eye of the storm and help “Hisoka” Twanaku share the burden. He even felt that if his rival was killed by an outsider whom he had personally attracted, it would be cause for celebration. It was inevitable—after all, since he had already killed Hisoka once, he wasn’t obsessed with obliterating the other party’s resurrection. Having someone else “do it” for him could reduce his spirituality expenditure.</p>
<p>As Lumian gazed at the open tomb door, he retreated a few steps to the edge of the area. He quickly said to Amandina, Camus, Rhea, and Lugano, “Retreat to the edge!”</p>
<p>Upon hearing this order, Lugano’s face lit up with happiness. He was the first to turn around and sprint away.</p>
<p>Rhea raised her hunting bow, aiming left and right, taking slow steps back to guard against any attacks. Camus’s performance was similar to hers, but he held his custom revolver.</p>
<p>Amandina glanced at the sinister rag doll, the crystal skull adorned with a golden mask, and the green-eyed man with bulging human skin. She felt lightheaded, as if she was too exhausted to control her body.</p>
<p>She instantly realized that these were things she shouldn’t come into contact with. What transpired beside the black tomb was beyond her ability to interfere.</p>
<p>She swiftly turned her back to the ancient black tomb and prepared to follow Lugano to the edge of the area.</p>
<p>At that moment, Lumian, wearing a grayish-white lightning-shaped brooch, glanced at the gravekeepers who were also hurriedly retreating and thoughtfully asked Amandina, “Where’s that figure?”</p>
<p>Amandina ran nimbly, synchronizing her movements with her breathing as she replied, “I don’t know! He’s gone!”</p>
<p>As soon as she finished speaking, the illusory water reverberating in the black tomb ceased.</p>
<p>The palm-sized evil rag doll in the Gothic dress suddenly floated up, escaping Iveljsta’s grasp.</p>
<p>It hovered in midair, with “Hisoka” Twanaku’s figure reflected in its blood-red eyes.</p>
<p>Twanaku, who was about to reach into the ancient black tomb, suddenly felt the golden mask on his face come to life. It first pressed inward, as if it wanted to crush his skull, then pulled outward, as if trying to escape.</p>
<p>Hisoka instinctively raised his right hand to press the golden mask back, only to realize that his sleeve had tightly wrapped around his arm, immobilizing it, almost like it was tied up.</p>
<p>Remembering the fate of a godhoodless individual losing the golden mask at the tomb’s entrance, Twanaku didn’t hesitate. His body became completely ethereal as he transformed into a Wraith.</p>
<p>Then, he vanished from in front of the black tomb and reappeared in the pupil of one of the gravekeepers who had removed their golden mask.</p>
<p>Due to the untimely demise of Hisoka’s physical body and his inability to get “assistance,” Hisoka had no choice but to modify his plan and wait for the three factions vying for the cold corpse in the ancient black tomb to begin fighting.</p>
<p>When the chaos reached its peak and the corresponding items were nearly depleted, he would re-enter the fray and compete for the corpse.</p>
<p>As Hisoka temporarily retreated, the area in front of the ancient black tomb became vacant.</p>
<p>Just as the palm-sized evil rag doll was about to float over, the crystal skull, adorned with a golden mask, flew diagonally, enveloped by a vortex-shaped body formed by the cold wind.</p>
<p>Pale-white flames ignited in its eyes, with a hint of darkness at the center.</p>
<p>In response, illusory black water seeped out of the black tomb’s walls, forming a silent river that blocked the entrance.</p>
<p>The river was clearly similar to a stream, but it gave Iveljsta, Devajo, Reaza, and the others a vast and expansive feeling.</p>
<p>Their bodies gradually turned cold, and their lives drained faster, irreversibly.</p>
<p>The evil rag doll, clad in a black Gothic dress, hovered in midair, not attempting to cross the silent river.</p>
<p>The crystal skull, adorned with a golden mask, descended into the river.</p>
<p>The wind vortex that constituted its colossal body howled and expanded, as if transforming into an invisible ferry that floated steadily on the surface of the silent river.</p>
<p>The crystal skull, adorned with a golden mask, steered the ferry against the current, slowly approaching the open door of the ancient black tomb.</p>
<p>The green-eyed man, dressed in a dark gray formal suit made of human skin and blood, stood at the back, observing the scene.</p>
<p>With a smile, he opened and closed his mouth, as if silently muttering to himself.</p>
<p>Almost simultaneously, the crystal skull on the invisible ferry emitted a cracking sound.</p>
<p>The pale-white flames in its eye sockets flickered violently, and tiny patterns appeared on its crystalline surface, causing invisible dust to fall.</p>
<p>The ferry itself alternated between expansion and contraction, becoming extremely unstable as it slowed down on the River of Death.</p>
<p>Lumian paid no attention to the battle unfolding in front of the ancient black tomb. With a single glance, his body ignited with intense white flames.</p>
<p><em>Swoosh!</em></p>
<p>He transformed into a flaming spear and crossed a distance of 20 to 30 meters, aiming at the gravekeeper whose body had been possessed by “Hisoka” Twanaku.</p>
<p>Hisoka raised his head, revealing a face with light-brown skin and wild beauty.</p>
<p>Rhea!</p>
<p>The gravekeeper whose body had been possessed by Hisoka was Rhea’s dream projection!</p>
<p>Facing the rapidly expanding reflection, transforming from a speck of white light into a blazing white flaming spear with a burning tip, Hisoka didn’t dodge. He assumed a stance allowing Lumian to attack.</p>
<p>The blazing-white flame spear was incredibly fast. He didn’t have time to raise his hunting bow, aim, or shoot. He only slightly bent his arm.</p>
<p>He felt a searing pain, as if his body and soul were about to be pierced.</p>
<p>Hisoka showed no fear. Instead, he chuckled.</p>
<p>The blazing-white flaming spear passed over his shoulder and landed behind him, failing to strike him.</p>
<p>The flames dissipated, revealing Lumian.</p>
<p>The Hisoka in Rhea’s dream projection’s eyes vanished.</p>
<p>Rhea’s dream projection spun around, her expression cold and filled with hatred. She raised her hunting bow, aimed at Lumian, and drew the bowstring.</p>
<p>She was a dream projection formed by excessive desires and emotions, unable to control herself.</p>
<p>“Hmph!”</p>
<p>Two beams of white light shot out from Lumian’s nose. Before Rhea’s dream projection could release an arrow wrapped in lightning, her eyes closed, and she fainted, collapsing to the ground.</p>
<p>Rhea, who had just arrived at the periphery, trembled.</p>
<p>Her eyes reflected the black-robed “Hisoka” Twanaku.</p>
<p>The strength of their souls differed significantly, and Hisoka easily possessed and seized control of Rhea’s body.</p>
<p>Taking advantage of the fact that Camus, Amandina, and Lugano hadn’t noticed Rhea’s abnormality, he changed the direction of his bow and aimed it at Camus.</p>
<p><em>Sizzle, sizzle, sizzle.</em> The arrowhead became engulfed in bright lightning.</p>
<p>As soon as Rhea aimed her bow and arrow at Camus, he sensed her incongruent state and noticed her abnormal behavior.</p>
<p>As a member of the patrol team with considerable combat experience, Camus looked at Rhea without hesitation, his eyes flashing with blinding lightning.</p>
<p>Simultaneously, Hisoka, who had anticipated this, detached from Rhea’s body and leaped into Amandina’s beautiful azure eyes.</p>
<p>Two blinding lightning bolts shot out of Camus’s eyes and drilled into Rhea’s head.</p>
<p>Rhea’s eyes bulged, and her mouth gaped open. She leaned back, as if she had suffered a heavy blow, but she couldn’t make a sound of pain.</p>
<p>Psychic Piercing!</p>
<p>Camus’s Psychic Piercing struck her before her arrow could leave the bowstring, causing her to feel pain from the depths of her soul. Her mind went blank as she stood rooted to the ground.</p>
<p>Poof. The arrow, engulfed in bright lightning, shot out unsteadily, missing Camus and flying a short distance away.</p>
<p>Amandina, with “Hisoka” Twanaku’s figure reflected in her azure eyes, felt a chill run down her spine. A dense coldness enveloped her, freezing her soul and rendering her unable to control her limbs.</p>
<p>Behind her, Lumian’s figure swiftly materialized.</p>
<p>“Ha!”</p>
<p>Lumian opened his mouth and decisively spat out a faint yellow blob of light.</p>
<p>However, Hisoka had no intention of stopping. He shifted his position with another Mirror Jump.</p>
<p><em>Thud!</em></p>
<p>Amandina collapsed to the ground, unconscious.</p>
<p>Compared to Padre Cali, Hisoka clearly excelled in combat, possessing a wealth of experience and outstanding talent.</p>
<p>This time, Hisoka appeared on a water droplet on the surface of a leaf more than ten meters away. He leaped out and looked at Lumian and the others with a smile.</p>
<p>He wanted to use Wraith Shriek to attack Lumian Lee and his companions in a wide range, rendering some of them unable to fight and temporarily immobilizing the rest.</p>
<p>Upon realizing this, Lumian chose not to teleport outside Wraith Shriek’s range. Instead, he withdrew his palms.</p>
<p>A blazing white fireball condensed, the size of the black tomb.</p>
<p>“Ah!”</p>
<p>Amidst a piercing howl of pain, the colossal white-hot fireball flew out.</p>
<p>With a smile, Hisoka vanished from the tree and leaped into Camus’s pupils, where blood flowed from his eyes, nostrils, and ears.</p>
<p>At that moment, the colossal blazing white fireball split into dozens of smaller ones.</p>
<p>Accompanying this transformation, the grayish-white Fury of the Sea brooch on Lumian’s chest erupted with bright, silver-white, and innumerable bolts of lightning after he was struck by Wraith Shriek.</p>
<p>The lightning coiled around the incandescent white fireballs and split into dozens, enveloping the area.</p>
<p><em>Rumble!</em></p>
<p>Amidst the consecutive explosions, Rhea, Lugano, Amandina, and Camus were sent flying by the wind and waves. They suffered burns and were struck by a net of lightning.</p>
<p>Camus’s entire body went numb, and his gaze lost focus. Hisoka, who was attached to him, also suffered an electric shock. Due to his Wraith state, he was severely injured and couldn’t undergo a new round of Mirror Jumps.</p>
<p>Lumian recovered from the Wraith Shriek’s assault. He looked at Hisoka, who had emerged from Camus’s body, and his lips curled up.</p>
<p>He was using Precision.</p>
<p>The goal was to attack every target indiscriminately and ensure the damage was acceptable.</p>
<p>And when he launched an attack, he didn’t need to consciously control it. The Fury of the Sea would automatically add an electric shock to all his offensive fireballs!</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
