<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch702.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-697-madam-magicians-explanation" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 697: Madam Magician’s Explanation</h2>
<p>As Lumian gazed at the peculiar soil, he couldn’t help but recall the scene of Hela retrieving the Samaritan Women’s Spring.</p>
<p>After a moment of contemplation, he retrieved gold bars and coins from his Traveler’s Bag and ignited a blazing white fireball in his palm.</p>
<p>As the flames surged, the gold gradually melted under the control of his spirituality, forming a small golden box.</p>
<p>Lumian then used the flames as a blade to fashion a cover for the box.</p>
<p>Once the gold had cooled and solidified, he used the straight sword as a shovel to transfer the palm-sized clump of soil into the box before closing the lid.</p>
<p>After stowing away the golden box, Lumian noticed that the straight sword in his hand had become rusty and decayed.</p>
<p>Rather than being alarmed, Lumian was delighted. He muttered to himself, “That soil is indeed magical…”</p>
<p>This was one of his gains from the Dream Festival.</p>
<p>Despite not obtaining the Beyonder characteristics of Reaza and Maslow, and the mysterious disappearance of the man and woman who served the Demon, Lumian had finally acquired something of value.</p>
<p>He continued searching the area but found no other traces. Left with no other option, he teleported back to the second floor of the Brieu Motel.</p>
<p>By then, much of the smoke and dust caused by the meteorite had dissipated. The crimson moon’s light cast an eerie glow over Tizamo.</p>
<p>Lumian noticed a folded letter on the master bedroom’s desk, with a thin brass-like metal sheet on top.</p>
<p><em>Madam Magician’s response is swift tonight…</em> Lumian picked up the brass plate and examined the mysterious patterns and words etched upon it, but he couldn’t discern their meaning or purpose. He couldn’t even sense the corresponding spirituality glow.</p>
<p>Shaking his head, Lumian temporarily set aside the brass sheet. With a gentle grab of his right hand, he conjured a floating incandescent white fireball.</p>
<p>Under its glow, he sat down and began reading Madam Magician’s reply.</p>
<p>“There’s no doubt about it. From what you’ve described, the corpse in the dream tomb belongs to Naboredisley.</p>
<p>“As for Naboredisley, there’s a high likelihood that it’s an alias of Devil Monarch Farbauti or a real name that can be used under certain circumstances.</p>
<p>“Don’t you find it strange that Naboredisley, as a Devil Monarch and one of the eight ancient gods who once ruled the world, can bestow superpowers from the Prisoner pathway?</p>
<p>“This abnormality is quite normal for the ancient gods.</p>
<p>“They didn’t advance according to the paths of the divine, but were born directly for some unknown reason. Their characteristics were a mix of Sequence 1 Beyonder characteristics from other pathways, or even more than one. Considering Demon Warlock Burman’s situation, you can see how unhinged and violent the ancient gods were.</p>
<p>“There’s a significant difference between ancient gods and subsequent true gods, but this doesn’t mean that They are weak. They might even be stronger.</p>
<p>“Among them, although Farbauti is the Devil Monarch, He blends in Sequence 1 Abomination from a neighboring pathway. Therefore, His state is one of the best among the eight ancient gods. He has also become the only ancient god alive in Their original form.</p>
<p>“In fact, if Farbauti were to gather the ingredients of the Devil pathway as a Sequence 1 Abomination and complete the deity-ascension ritual to advance, He would be equivalent to a true god now—a stronger true god. He wouldn’t be an ancient god described by words like madness, cruelty, violence, and bloodlust.</p>
<p>“Of course, as the Devil Monarch, even if He had done so, He will inevitably exhibit the characteristics of I am the Abyss, the Abyss is Me, experiencing strong influence from this pathway. As for the state of a Devil, you should be well aware. Therefore, Farbauti is also one of the two or three most unhinged ancient gods. This doesn’t contradict His better state.</p>
<p>“That’s all for the ancient gods. That’s not my primary purpose in writing.</p>
<p>“In short, the one in the dream tomb is indeed Naboredisley, the other Naboredisley in the form of an Abomination.”</p>
<p><em>Is that so… Ancient gods possess Beyonder characteristics of neighboring or non-neighboring pathways, and Naboredisley has already displayed the ability to separate different desires and emotions…</em> Lumian no longer harbored any doubts about the cold corpse’s ability to bestow Wraith powers.</p>
<p>After some thought, he reread Madam Magician’s letter.</p>
<p>“You mentioned that Naboredisley took the initiative to lie back in the dream tomb and continue in a dead state. This is a very rational choice for Him.</p>
<p>“Furthermore, I must say it’s a good death. Continue in this dead state until after the apocalypse!</p>
<p>“You don’t need to know the exact reason. To put it simply, you can see that Naboredisley, or the Devil Monarch Farbauti, is in a terrible state. As an Abomination, His demise is more suitable than Him living. It’s better for both Him and this world.</p>
<p>“Of course, this can’t be a simple death. He chose a good place to die. This will allow His corpse to enjoy peace and tranquility, safe from the Mother Tree of Desire’s harassment.</p>
<p>“Now, you should understand. That entity had written a story and created a coincidence, allowing you to come into contact with Naboredisley in the Feynapotter Kingdom. Then, you went to Hanth Island and the New City of Silver. His goal was to send information to Naboredisley in the dream ancient tomb, allowing Him to continue sleeping and be a corpse instead of being resurrected. Simultaneously, this also prevents various factions from trying to obtain the Sequence 1 Beyonder characteristic.</p>
<p>“Tsk, as expected of a remnant from ancient times. He’s the protagonist who personally ended the rule of the ancient gods. The secrets and various key matters He knows perhaps exceed all of us combined.</p>
<p>“Apart from Him and the Evernight Goddess, who else would know about mysticism festivals like the Dream Festival, which you forget when you wake up? Who would have thought that the corpse was part of the Devil Monarch?</p>
<p>“The substantial digestion of the Reaper potion, the acquisition of the golden mask, and the formation of the corroded soil should be the rewards He promised.</p>
<p>“Remember to give me that corroded soil. It’s useless to you, but I can help you exchange it for something. It might also present an opportunity, but I can’t discern what it is for now.</p>
<p>“And with that golden mask, you can boldly venture into the Underworld when the opportunity arises in the future. Otherwise, the living won’t be able to stay in the Underworld for even a second.</p>
<p>“Those golden masks come from the fallen Death, the ancestor of the Eggers family. They were originally created to assist Death’s direct descendants in entering and exiting the Underworld and Death’s kingdom.</p>
<p>“Their purpose is twofold. Firstly, to protect the wearer from the corrosion of the aura of death. Secondly, to transform the wearer into an undead creature. Their bodies no longer have vital points, while their minds and consciousness can maintain their living state.</p>
<p>“Do you understand why Naboredisley’s corpse wore the Death mask? If it didn’t, it would have died completely in the dream tomb, with no possibility of revival.</p>
<p>“Similarly, knowing the golden mask’s functions and the state of the corpse, you should understand why Hisoka put on the golden mask. It allows a corpse to mistake Hisoka for one of its kind without affecting him. It also protects Hisoka from the corrosion of the tomb’s aura of death.</p>
<p>“The first phantom that experienced an Ascension activated the corpse’s sleeping spirit under the golden mask’s protection, but without awakening His consciousness. In this state, Hisoka can use His resemblance to the corpse to make the corpse mistake Him for His spirit and accept His dominance. Isn’t this style familiar? That Celestial Worthy is indeed the strongest god who seeks out errors and exploits loopholes.</p>
<p>“By the time the second phantom that underwent Ascension entered the dream ancient tomb, the corpse’s consciousness would have been basically awakened. Even if Hisoka were still alive, he wouldn’t be able to complete his grand plan.</p>
<p>“That’s the gist of the matter. The Numinous Episcopate’s purpose is the ancient tomb itself, the golden mask that has endured the corresponding corrosion in the tomb for over a millennium. The Nois family’s archduke, a collaborator of the Rose School of Thought, desires Naboredisley’s corpse, while the temperance faction seeks to retrieve Miss Messenger’s heart. Their goals were actually different, yet they fought to the death. I have to say, it’s quite humorous and ironic.</p>
<p>“Of course, this is mainly because they can’t trust each other, and there’s indeed a possibility that it’s a situation where the winner takes all. Does Miss Messenger want to consume Naboredisley’s Abomination body? Of course She does!”</p>
<p><em>Miss Messenger… The lady who used the lucky gold coin to buy the heart from Ludwig? Why is she called Miss Messenger? It’s impossible for Her to be someone’s messenger, right? She’s an Angel! Uh… Mr. Fool’s messenger? So that’s why there’s a lucky gold coin closely related to Mr. Fool…</em> Lumian was sharp, and he quickly made a guess.</p>
<p>He continued reading the last part of the letter.</p>
<p>“I forgot to mention that wearing that golden mask also poses problems.</p>
<p>“As you can imagine, once you transform into an undead creature and don’t have any vital points on your body, the purification of sunlight and lightning will be fatal to you. Moreover, if a living person wears that golden mask for too long, they will truly become deceased. When that time comes, once the mask is removed, their mind and consciousness will be unprotected and they will die immediately.</p>
<p>“Let me see what else I haven’t mentioned…</p>
<p>“Yes, you said that the Underworld Daoist and Naboredisley’s corpse had looked at Iveljsta Eggers without doing anything to him. That gave me some ideas.</p>
<p>“It’s highly likely that the one who helped bury Naboredisley’s Abomination corpse and construct the dream grave was the ancestor of the Eggers family, the deceased Death.</p>
<p>“After He went mad, perhaps He interacted with the Underworld Daoist, who guarded the river and the Blood Emperor’s afterimage. And for some reason, He agreed to Naboredisley’s request for help, causing His Abomination corpse to slumber in a special dream.</p>
<p>“Therefore, be it the Underworld Daoist or Naboredisley’s corpse, even if they only have their instincts left, they will still treat the Eggers family’s bloodline specially.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
