<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch706.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-701-the-cheerful-franca" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 701: The Cheerful Franca</h2>
<p>In Quartier de la Cathédrale Commémorative, Apartment 702, 9 Rue Orosai.</p>
<p>Franca, dressed in a camel-colored cashmere coat, shivered and said to Lumian, “As soon as I have the money, I’m definitely renting a villa with underfloor heating!”</p>
<p>The concept of underfloor heating was proposed by Emperor Roselle. By laying metal pipes in the house during construction, boiling water could flow through them, providing summer-like warmth in confined spaces and keeping out the cold weather.</p>
<p>This was a must-have amenity for Trier’s current upscale residences.</p>
<p>“Why would a Demoness like you be afraid of the cold?” Lumian scoffed.</p>
<p>He glanced at Jenna and noticed she was wearing a black cotton dress and dark makeup, as if portraying a Witch or Vampire in the little details of her daily life.</p>
<p>“I’m not a Pyromaniac. A Demoness’s black flames have no temperature!” Franca retorted with a smile.</p>
<p>Lumian casually settled onto the divan.</p>
<p>“Aren’t Demonesses skilled with ice? Don’t they have resistance to frost and cold?”</p>
<p>Franca reclined in her recliner, pulled up a cashmere blanket, and chuckled.</p>
<p>“I admit my performance just now was a little exaggerated, but Trier’s winters really are cold. It’s mainly because it’s so humid. It’s like being soaked in a semi-frozen lake.”</p>
<p>After the small talk, Franca sighed and said, “I’ve already obtained more information about Moran Avigny and the corresponding security detail. We can put the capture plan on the agenda. And you, my friend, are about to participate in the Dream Festival. Talk about a scheduling conflict.”</p>
<p>Lumian’s expression remained unchanged as he replied, “The Dream Festival is over.”</p>
<p>“Huh?” Franca and Jenna were taken aback.</p>
<p><em>Already?</em></p>
<p>Lumian recounted everything that had transpired during the Dream Festival, including Madam Magician’s subsequent explanation.</p>
<p>Of course, as the name Farbauti couldn’t be pronounced in any language, Lumian referred to it as the Devil Monarch and replaced Naboredisley with “the Demon with a long name.”</p>
<p>Franca’s breathing quickened upon hearing that Lumian had donned a golden mask and spotted the suspected Underworld Daoist. Lumian’s description of the Underworld Daoist’s attire made her eyes light up like sunlight dancing on a lake.</p>
<p>Thankfully, her self-control was impressive. She endured until Lumian finished explaining the entire situation before asking anxiously, “Will there be another Dream Festival next year?”</p>
<p>“You want to participate in next year’s Dream Festival and come into direct contact with the Underworld Daoist?” Lumian could guess Franca’s thoughts.</p>
<p>Franca nodded emphatically.</p>
<p>“I believe that if the Underworld Daoist can bestow the Evernight pathway’s power on Amandina, I, uh, a Demoness, shouldn’t have any issues either. I wouldn’t mind taking Him as my master!</p>
<p>“Don’t worry. As long as I remain lucid, I won’t unleash my bestial instincts during the Dream Festival.”</p>
<p>She teased herself.</p>
<p>Originally, you wanted to say that you’re from the same homeland and not a Demoness, right? Lumian chuckled and said, “It’s not impossible, but you have to become an Angel first.”</p>
<p>“…” Franca fell silent.</p>
<p>Jenna pondered and said, “There’s something I don’t understand. Isn’t it the case that after obtaining the ability to stay lucid in the special dream, the corresponding dream projection will gradually dissipate? Why didn’t Hisoka’s?”</p>
<p>Lumian had already considered this question.</p>
<p>“Perhaps this is one of the reasons Hisoka had to leave Tizamo.</p>
<p>“The ability to stay lucid in the special dream shouldn’t be permanent. Once you leave Tizamo, it will gradually fade. Therefore, Hisoka not only had to leave Tizamo, but also had to return two to three times a year for at least a week each time to maintain the existence of the dream projection.”</p>
<p>After discussing the Dream Festival, Franca briefly recounted the information she had obtained from 007 the previous night.</p>
<p>“Moran Avigny’s family has a long history. Members span the military, political, artistic, and business worlds. Combined with the information Madam Judgment gave us, I suspect this is a branch of the Tamara family. Their dark-gray eyes are one of the defining characteristics of the Tamara bloodline!</p>
<p>“Of course, not everyone with dark-gray eyes belongs to the Tamara family. It’s more that members of the family are likely to have dark-gray eyes.</p>
<p>“Based on the close connection between a large branch of the Tamara family and the Demoness Sect, it’s very likely that Demoness of Black Clarice also shares the Tamara family’s bloodline.</p>
<p>“Following my hypothesis, the Demoness of Black might be a mixed-blood descendant of the Sauron family who pledged allegiance to the Demoness Sect and the Tamara family.”</p>
<p>This was the only explanation for Demoness of Black Clarice’s reaction when she heard about the Sauron family. It was also the only explanation for her indulging Browns Sauron!</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t interrupt as Franca continued, “We need to face not only Moran Avigny but also the hidden Tamara family and the Mirror People faction. Moran Avigny might possess powerful Beyonder powers himself. Furthermore, Bureau 8, Purifiers, and Machinery Hivemind rotate daily, with a regular Beyonder team providing protection.</p>
<p>“What my friend means is that if we’re unafraid of sacrifice, there’s still a chance of assassinating Moran Avigny. However, capturing him alive or channeling his spirit is very difficult and dangerous.”</p>
<p><em>What 007 truly meant was that the Purifiers wouldn’t go easy on us or provide overt assistance. However, if Moran Avigny’s true nature as a Mirror Person is exposed after his death, 007 would find a way to allow us—the captured assassins—an opportunity to escape, just like when Jenna killed Hugues Artois. However, if we didn’t want to obtain more information about the Mirror People through Moran Avigny, wouldn’t it be better to inform the authorities and let them handle the arrest?</em> Lumian pondered for a moment and said to Franca, “Let’s not rush into a plan. We’ll discuss it tomorrow.”</p>
<p>“Why wait until tomorrow?” Franca asked, holding the stack of papers 007 had given her.</p>
<p>Lumian chuckled.</p>
<p>“After I find a safe place to complete my advancement and become a Fate Appropriator, perhaps a special, mixed ability related to fate will appear. That might help us obtain new ideas and come up with more effective solutions.”</p>
<p>In the current four-person team, it was no secret that Lumian possessed the power of the Inevitability pathway.</p>
<p>Franca blurted out in surprise, “You can obtain a new boon so quickly?”</p>
<p>“Didn’t I just mention it?” Lumian smiled. “I culled nearly 20 Sequence 6 and Sequence 5 bestowed in one go, significantly digesting the potion.”</p>
<p>Franca pursed her lips and signaled to Lumian with her eyes: <em>Look, look into my eyes! They’re filled with jealousy!</em></p>
<p>Lumian turned to Anthony and asked, “What did you mean by genuine identity?”</p>
<p>Anthony, who had been listening quietly and was on the verge of being forgotten, explained simply, “Actually, it was a hint from Madam Justice. That identity is very strange. His background, education, and experiences are all real, but there’s actually no such person. And the people who might expose this are either long dead or out of town, the kind who won’t return for years.”</p>
<p>Franca made a judgment based on her experience. “It seems it was meticulously crafted years in advance as a disguise.”</p>
<p>Since they weren’t discussing a plan to deal with Moran Avigny today, Anthony didn’t stay long. He had to prepare for tonight’s banquet.</p>
<p>“Where do you plan to advance to Fate Appropriator?” Jenna asked Lumian. “The sacrificial square in the catacombs?”</p>
<p>It belonged to two orthodox gods and could protect advancers from additional interference.</p>
<p>“I’m afraid I’ll trigger a taboo and be purified by sunlight,” Lumian dismissed the suggestion with amusement. “Advancing to Conspirer is different from advancing to Fate Appropriator.”</p>
<p>One belonged to the pathways of the divine, while the other belonged to an evil god’s domain!</p>
<p>Lumian had already decided on a location to advance.</p>
<p>It was the Nation of the Evernight!</p>
<p>Termiboros’s well-behaved nature kept Lumian concerned that He was waiting for an opportunity to stir up trouble. And as a Fate Appropriator began to involve core abilities in the Inevitability domain, it was very likely that Termiboros would tamper at this Sequence.</p>
<p>Therefore, Lumian had to be cautious. He planned to advance in a safe place that could eliminate many external influences.</p>
<p>Among them, the Nation of the Evernight was the best choice. Furthermore, Lumian had planned to contact Hela in the next two days to share information about the Underworld Daoist and the Dream Festival.</p>
<p>Franca looked at Lumian in enlightenment. “You want to advance at our mysticism gathering?”</p>
<p>“Yes.” Lumian nodded slightly.</p>
<p>Franca, who was in a good mood, took the initiative to help. “I’ll help you write the letter!”</p>
<p>After she entered the bedroom and closed the door, Lumian looked at Jenna and said, “You’re very quiet today.”</p>
<p>Jenna smiled. “An excellent theater actress must know how to act like a lady.”</p>
<p>Lumian glanced at Franca’s door.</p>
<p>“Madame Red Boots seems to be in high spirits today. She’s cracking jokes left and right.”</p>
<p>“It’s true she’s been in a good mood recently,” Jenna replied truthfully.</p>
<p>Lumian nodded thoughtfully and didn’t probe further.</p>
<p>Jenna’s lips curled into a smile. “Why don’t you keep asking?”</p>
<p>Lumian leaned back on the sofa and laughed self-deprecatingly.</p>
<p>“My sister once taught me that there’s no need to inquire too deeply about certain matters. If I know too much, I might regret it. I might even have to face problems I’m unwilling to face.”</p>
<p>Jenna listened attentively, placed her hand on her cheek, and asked with a smile, “What are you afraid of?”</p>
<p>Lumian strategically took a sip of black tea and said, “It’s not fear; it’s respect.”</p>
<p>Jenna gazed at him and suddenly laughed.</p>
<p>She didn’t press further and chatted with Lumian about the details of Tizamo.</p>
<p>Before long, Franca opened the door and exclaimed with a smile, “It’s on for tonight!”</p>
<hr />
<p>At 10 p.m., in the ancient and dilapidated palace of the Nation of the Evernight, Lumian and Franca swiftly materialized, and Hela was already waiting.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
