<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch724.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-719-advancing" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 719: Advancing</h2>
<p>“We were under the influence of an Under the Table transaction?” Franca carefully reviewed the entire situation but couldn’t find anything out of the ordinary. The only thing that stood out was that the Demoness of Black probably had a way to quickly extract Moran Avigny while he was under the protection of an official Beyonder team. She clearly knew how to exploit the mirror world, yet she burdened everything upon her.</p>
<p>Of course, her actions made sense when put into context. Even though Moran Avigny’s security detail consisted of Mid-Sequence Beyonders, this was Trier, the capital of the Intis Republic. It was a diocese of great importance to both the Eternal Blazing Sun Church and the God of Steam and Machinery Church. Numerous demigods were posted there, ready to intervene at a moment’s notice. If the Demoness of Black couldn’t end the fight quickly and eliminate all witnesses, she would face severe repercussions. Official Beyonders might even track her using specialized Sealed Artifacts.</p>
<p>If something happened to her, the Demoness Sect’s Trier branch would be dealt a crippling blow. In a situation like this, it would be wiser for her to assign a capable member of middling rank to handle the matter while she focused on damage control. If things went south, she could easily cut ties with Franca and her lovers.</p>
<p>This assumed, of course, that Moran Avigny wasn’t valuable enough for the Demoness Sect to go to great lengths to eliminate him. If he were, the sect would have evacuated non-essential personnel beforehand and assembled high-ranking, color-named Demonesses in Trier.</p>
<p>“I think there’s an issue here. It’s not that we shouldn’t or can’t abandon the mission, but rather that we gave up far too readily and hastily,” Anthony remarked, analyzing the situation from a human behavioral standpoint.</p>
<p>Franca nodded pensively and added, “Indeed. The Demoness of Black only briefly verified the absence of hidden Beyonders behind the mirror in question before concluding that Moran Avigny had been abandoned and would receive no further assistance.”</p>
<p>“That’s way too rushed and convenient,” Jenna commented.</p>
<p>After a moment’s hesitation, she asked, “Was Madam Judgment affected as well?”</p>
<p>“It’s possible.” Lumian glanced down at his chest.</p>
<p>Lowering his voice, he asked, “Termiboros, why weren’t you impacted? Is it because you’re an Angel?”</p>
<p>Termiboros’s imposing voice echoed within Lumian’s body.</p>
<p><em>“It’s hard to say for certain. It could also be due to The Fool’s seal. While the seal does limit me, it can also serve as a safeguard under certain circumstances.”</em></p>
<p><em>Similar to Naboredisley’s Abomination corpse? The Overseer’s Under the Table transaction couldn’t breach Mr. Fool’s seal, so it had no effect on Termiboros?</em> Lumian nodded in understanding and said to Jenna, “We need to inform Madam Judgment of our suspicions. If an Under the Table transaction is indeed at play, she’ll undoubtedly break free of its influence and offer new guidance once alerted. If she’s unaffected, the messenger will just have to put in a bit of extra effort.</p>
<p>“Got it.” Jenna grasped Lumian’s point. “Even though we suspect an Under the Table transaction, we can’t act recklessly right now. We still require fresh directives from the Major Arcana cardholders.”</p>
<p>As Franca waited for Madam Judgment’s reply, she let out a sigh.</p>
<p>“Is something wrong?” Jenna inquired, her worry apparent.</p>
<p>Franca responded with a mix of sorrow and outrage, “This Under the Table transaction was exceptionally lavish. It impacted no fewer than two demigods. The Overseer of the School of Truth must have paid a steep price and offered up a considerable number of precious items.”</p>
<p>Sure, that’s all true, but what’s it got to do with you? Why are you so worked up about it? Jenna blinked, struggling to grasp Franca’s train of thought.</p>
<p>Franca elaborated, “Once Madam Judgment apprehends or eliminates him with our assistance, there won’t be much left in terms of spoils of war for us to divvy up.</p>
<p>“We might end up with another penniless target like Jebus!”</p>
<p>Lumian, Jenna, and Anthony were momentarily at a loss for words.</p>
<p><em>You’re already worrying about hypothetical future spoils?</em></p>
<p>Lumian shifted the topic and turned to Franca and Jenna.</p>
<p>“When I posed those final two questions to Jebus, why did you two lean in closer to me? Did you sense that something was about to go awry?”</p>
<p>“Naturally, it was a Demoness’s intuitive premonition,” Franca declared smugly. “While I couldn’t pinpoint what exactly would happen, being nearer to you provided me with more options for dealing with potential threats.”</p>
<p>Jenna gave a subtle nod, indicating that she felt the same way.</p>
<p>Lumian faced Anthony. “What about you?”</p>
<p>Anthony answered honestly, “I suspected that the last two questions would snap Jebus out of his hypnotic state. Franca and Jenna’s reactions indirectly validated my concerns.</p>
<p>“Given that, it seemed prudent to take cover behind you two.”</p>
<p>“So you’re using us as human shields?” Franca remarked with a wry smile.</p>
<p>Anthony nodded earnestly. “You two have Mirror Substitution at your disposal.”</p>
<p>“Fair point,” Franca conceded.</p>
<p>After a short while, Madam Judgment’s messenger delivered a response. The message was succinct: “Proceed with your course of action.”</p>
<p><em>Does this imply that the Major Arcana cardholders will monitor the situation? Have they consulted with Ma’am Hermit?</em> Lumian nodded thoughtfully and grinned at Franca and the others.</p>
<p>“Let’s stick to our initial plan.”</p>
<p>“The initial plan?” Franca started, taken aback.</p>
<p>“Precisely,” Lumian confirmed, still smiling. “Over the next several hours, potentially even a full day, the Overseer and the other Mirror People certainly won’t be guarding Moran Avigny from behind the full-length mirror in his study. That should be a necessary condition for the Under the Table transaction to succeed. The Demoness of Black has already inspected those locations, and the Overseer is unaware of when she might do so again. He needs to allow sufficient time.</p>
<p>“Put another way, if we conceal ourselves within that mirror, we’ll be safe from disruption and harm.”</p>
<p>Jenna’s brow furrowed slightly.</p>
<p>“But doesn’t the heart of the issue lie in the fact that Moran Avigny won’t be entering the full-length mirror anytime soon? How can we ambush him…”</p>
<p>Jenna abruptly trailed off, as if a thought had just occurred to her.</p>
<p>Lumian’s grin widened. “The Overseer may resort to an Under the Table transaction, but so can we!”</p>
<p>“Indeed, the Authority Holder’s Under-the-table Transaction!” Franca immediately grasped Lumian’s implication.</p>
<p>Lumian planned to harness the Authority Holder’s Under-the-table Transaction to plant the idea in Moran Avigny’s mind to re-enter the full-length mirror!</p>
<p>As for how an Under the Table transaction would enable such an arrangement to work, that wasn’t their concern. Even the Overseer probably didn’t know the inner workings of the Under the Table transaction.</p>
<p>Under the Table dealings were, in a sense, a black box!</p>
<p>With Magic Mirror Divination verifying the level of risk, Lumian, Franca, Jenna, and Anthony ventured into the enigmatic and shadowy realm via the mirror world entrance affixed to the jutting rock.</p>
<p>Surveying the spiderweb-like void passageways stretching to unknown destinations, Lumian activated the Mirror Mark contract imprinted on him.</p>
<p>He then addressed Franca and the others, “I can detect the full-length mirror and determine its precise whereabouts.”</p>
<p>“In that case, let’s make our way there immediately.” Franca pulled up her Assassin suit’s hood once more and latched onto Lumian’s arm.</p>
<p>She had already donned the Mirror Cufflink, but why squander one of its uses when other means were available?</p>
<p>As soon as Jenna and Anthony grabbed hold of him again, Lumian triggered the Spirit World Traversal mark and teleported through one of the dark, vacant passageways to a deep, black aqueous light.</p>
<p>The aqueous light signified a mirror with a corresponding hazy zone linked to myriad illusory tunnels akin to spiderwebs.</p>
<p>Lumian peered into the dark aqueous light and observed the scene through the glass mirror. It was undoubtedly Moran Avigny’s study.</p>
<p>Franca likewise recognized the target’s position and breathed a sigh of relief.</p>
<p>“I’ll handle the Under the Table transaction.”</p>
<p>“Allow me.” Lumian smiled. “Given what transpired earlier, I might encounter Demons even without the Authority Holder’s Under-the-table Transaction. In that case, I might as well use it freely.”</p>
<p>He was alluding to the events surrounding Naboredisley.</p>
<p>“Very well.” Franca yielded to Lumian’s reasoning. “Then I’ll cover the cost!”</p>
<p>She produced 5,000 verl d’or worth of gold from her Traveler’s Bag.</p>
<p>Lumian accepted without protest and said to Jenna and the others, “The transaction I aim to complete is to instill in Moran Avigny the notion of entering the full-length mirror in his study. Then, I’ll employ Compelling Fate to transform that notion into reality.</p>
<p>“This is far simpler than directly compelling Moran Avigny to enter the mirror. The price will undoubtedly be lower.”</p>
<p>“Understood.” Jenna retrieved the Authority Holder’s Under-the-table Transaction from her backpack.</p>
<p>The small, dark wooden box still had eight uses remaining.</p>
<p>Lumian grasped Franca’s pouch of gold coins in his right hand and reached through the membrane-like “curtain.”</p>
<p>He then felt five damp, wrinkled fingers. They swiftly closed around the pouch containing the gold coins.</p>
<p>Lumian’s expression remained neutral as he articulated his request in Hermes.</p>
<p>After a brief pause, the wrinkled, moist palm returned the pouch of gold coins.</p>
<p><em>Wh—</em> Lumian glanced up and apprised Franca and the others of the development.</p>
<p>Franca promptly understood. “It’s demanding more money!”</p>
<p>Her heart sank as she produced additional banknotes and gold, but the slightly cold, wrinkled palm kept rejecting the payment.</p>
<p>Lumian contributed tens of thousands of verl d’or, yet the transaction still wouldn’t go through.</p>
<p>“Could it be that Under the Table doesn’t desire money or gold?” Jenna recalled Jebus’s insights regarding the Broker pathway.</p>
<p>“Perhaps it requires a mystical item?” Lumian pondered, considering what he could offer.</p>
<p>Franca deliberated for a moment before suggesting, “What about the Blood Gold ring? It has considerable drawbacks, and we’ve hardly used it.”</p>
<p>The Blood Gold ring had come from Mad Lady and corresponded to some of the capabilities of a Sequence 6 Rose Bishop of the Secrets Suppliant pathway.</p>
<p>The four of them conferred for a while before deciding to attempt the transaction with the Blood Gold ring.</p>
<p>The moment the Blood Gold ring touched Under the Table, the five fingers of the palm clenched firmly and withdrew, taking the ring with them.</p>
<p>This indicated that the deal had been finalized.</p>
<p><em>Phew…</em> Lumian exhaled in relief and remarked, “I’m curious to see how the Under the Table transaction will unfold…”</p>
<p>Franca pressed a hand to her chest and prayed to Mr. Fool, “Please don’t let us run into any swindlers. Praise The Fool!”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
