<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch722.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-717-supervision" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 717: Supervision?</h2>
<p>“Why did he just blow up like that?” Lumian muttered, frowning as he watched the blood slowly soaking into the soil. He gripped the carbide lamp tightly.</p>
<p>His two questions hadn’t been intended to end Jebus’s life. He had simply wanted to carefully test the limits, one step at a time.</p>
<p>Anthony calmly explained, “The fundamental rule of hypnosis is to never directly threaten the subject’s life. So when Jebus was asked something that would seriously endanger him, he either would refuse to answer or the shock would jolt him awake, breaking the hypnotic hold.”</p>
<p>“I was ready for the possibility of him breaking free from the hypnosis,” Lumian said, having anticipated this outcome.</p>
<p>Jebus couldn’t dodge the Spell of Harrumph at that range. Lumian also had three ritualistic dog skins and a cow hide in his Traveler’s Bag.</p>
<p>Since becoming an Ascetic, he could now craft the mystical animal hides required for the Animal Creation Spell himself. So he had imbued extra powers into the ones he already possessed.</p>
<p>Thinking back on what had transpired, Jenna mused, “Jebus was going to answer at first… Meaning he didn’t think those two questions would put his life at risk. Heh, guess things didn’t play out like he expected.”</p>
<p>Franca nodded.”Exactly. If it was truly dangerous, he could’ve just stayed quiet.</p>
<p>“I assumed he was under some contract where revealing the School of Truth’s headquarters or his direct Overseer’s name would cause his shadow to attack his soul.</p>
<p>“Damn, what if his Overseer sneaked in extra terms when the contract was signed? Could that be why Jebus had no clue answering would be risky? Heavens, how tragic is that? Nothing but lies and trickery through and through—are we dealing with Swindlers or Brokers here?”</p>
<p>After Franca’s lament, Lumian considered for a few moments.</p>
<p>“Overseer.”</p>
<p>“Overseer?” Franca caught on immediately. “Overseeing subordinates is an Overseer ability, but Jebus didn’t know that. Did he set off some forbidden conditions by answering key questions?”</p>
<p>Jenna snapped to attention.</p>
<p>“You think the Overseer spotted us already? Could they be on their way?”</p>
<p>“Unlikely. I had Franca leave the Primordial Demoness figurine here after noticing Jebus’s strange reaction,” Lumian said, smiling. “Even if we’re right, the Overseer probably just detected an issue with Jebus, not our precise location. The real problem is we may need to change our plans going forward.”</p>
<p>Jenna and Anthony understood what Lumian meant.</p>
<p>They weren’t under imminent threat or at risk of the Overseer tracking them down. But something had happened to Jebus, who was guarding Moran Avigny in the mirror world. Once the Overseer realized, they would easily deduce that someone was after Moran Avigny and undoubtedly take action. The scheme they had so carefully devised probably no longer fit the new circumstances.</p>
<p>Franca sighed heavily, eyeing the bone figurine on the ground with genuine regret.</p>
<p>“I resisted when the Demoness of Black first gave me this figurine. Now I’m wishing she’d given me a dozen!”</p>
<p>Poking fun at herself, she stooped down to retrieve the Primordial Demoness figurine. She delicately cleaned it off and murmured appreciatively.</p>
<p>Lumian took stock of his own actions.</p>
<p>“I should’ve been watching how Jebus’s fate tributary shifted using the Eye of Calamity. Maybe then I could’ve intervened in time to stop him from responding.”</p>
<p>He hadn’t anticipated Jebus being oblivious to which questions would violate a taboo. This wasn’t about religious devotion or advanced mystical knowledge. Jebus ought to have known what he could and couldn’t say. If not, his daily life would’ve been cut short many times over.</p>
<p>Franca remembered, “The School of Truth member Jenna and I ran into before had the same thing happen when we asked his organizational affiliation and why he was capitalizing on the gatekeeper vanishing.</p>
<p>“Based on Jebus’s answer, stating ‘the School of Truth’ itself isn’t forbidden. And I bet the guy who wasn’t even an Ambitionist yet had no idea why he was exploiting the gatekeeper’s absence.</p>
<p>“Seems it really is an Overseer ability after all. No wonder the taboos are fluid, with the context, mental state, and overall situation determining what crosses the line each time. The rules adapt to the circumstances. Heh, just like the ideology Jebus described.”</p>
<p>Lumian gave a small nod and laughed.</p>
<p>“Well, at least we secured the spoils early on. Would’ve been a huge waste otherwise.”</p>
<p>He thought for a bit.</p>
<p>“Franca, contact the Demoness of Black with the charm later. Inform her about the fixed mirror world entrance we made, what occurred, and how Jebus reacted. See what she thinks and advises.</p>
<p>“Right, she’s likely a Tamara from the Apprentice branch. No love lost between her and Moran Avigny, who defected from the Judgement branch.”</p>
<p>Franca concurred, and Lumian turned to Jenna next. “Head to the safehouse and send word to Madam Judgment. The Judgement pathway stands for order, so I feel we must alert her to the School of Truth situation at once. I’ll take you there.”</p>
<p>“Got it.” Jenna was accustomed to Lumian delegating tasks in moments like these.</p>
<p>Finally, Lumian addressed Anthony.</p>
<p>“Join me at the Pleasure Pavilion to await Moran Avigny’s arrival. Watch him closely for any unusual behavior.”</p>
<p>Situated on Avenue du Boulevard, the opulent Pavilion of Pleasure functioned as the Intis Republic’s presidential estate. Moran Avigny was due to attend a ministerial meeting convened by the president there.</p>
<p>Anthony inclined his head slightly to convey his assent.</p>
<p>Observation was a Spectator’s forte, after all.</p>
<hr />
<p>Inside the quarry cave housing the mirror world’s fixed entryway,</p>
<p>Franca leaned against the wall, her night vision active. She produced a compact and a charm fashioned from ashen stone.</p>
<p>Clasping the charm, Franca infused it with her spirituality. Reciting the Hermes activation phrase, she intoned,</p>
<p>“Eyes!”</p>
<p>Wreathed in obsidian flames, the rock-like grayish charm flared to life. Franca touched it to the compact’s glass,</p>
<p>causing the mirror to lose solidity and turn incorporeal.</p>
<p>The burning charm sank through without resistance, vanishing from sight.</p>
<p>Moments later, Franca sensed a presence surround her.</p>
<p>A mass of dark locks then rose from the makeup mirror’s surface.</p>
<p>The rippling black tresses obscured her view.</p>
<p>As the hair fully emerged, Franca tightened her grasp, and Clarice took form before her.</p>
<p>The Demoness of Black’s own hair remained immaculately tied up, with no trace of the ominous raven strands.</p>
<p>Even having met her prior, Franca couldn’t suppress a rush of awe at Clarice’s allure.</p>
<p>The woman possessed a breathtaking beauty that effortlessly ensnared any who beheld her.</p>
<p>Clarice regarded Franca, her melodic voice gentle as she inquired, “You have an update?”</p>
<p>Composing herself, Franca detailed her suspicion of corruption seeping out of Underground Trier. She had ventured to a particular sector bearing the Primordial Demoness figurine, ultimately pinpointing the target site. She elaborated on beseeching the Primordial One via the figurine, obtaining a reply, and securing a permanent gateway to the mirror plane.</p>
<p>A rare glimmer of approval showed on Clarice’s face. “Your instincts are sharp and your mind keen. Impressive that you conceived of and accomplished this. Perhaps you too shall rise to be a colored Demoness one day.”</p>
<p><em>Demoness of Yellow?</em> Franca grumbled to herself.</p>
<p>She went on to outline the scheme she had hatched with Lumian’s crew, withholding specifics about the Tarot Club and portraying the Mirror Mark power as an item.</p>
<p>Clarice listened attentively without comment.</p>
<p>Franca recounted the offensive against Lumian amid his probe, his triumph over Jebus, and the bounty of intel gleaned through a Spectator.</p>
<p>The Demoness of Black nodded. “Your lovers are quite capable, the Hunter in particular.”</p>
<p>Here Clarice smirked. “The taste of a Hunter isn’t bad either. The higher their Sequence, the more intense and brave they grow.”</p>
<p><em>Wh— Emperor, even an elite Demoness has perused your clandestine annals… Every Demoness probably owns an edition!</em> Franca wavered between finding Emperor Roselle’s plight humorous or pitiable.</p>
<p>“It certainly has its perks,” Franca played along, smiling and trying to mask her chagrin.</p>
<p>The Demoness of Black proceeded, “However, both you and he erred.</p>
<p>“Upon amassing adequate knowledge, you should have ceased questioning without delay. The wiser course was to first ambush Moran Avigny, seize him, then interrogate further.”</p>
<p>“Agreed.” Franca accepted the Demoness of Black’s reproach.</p>
<p>In hindsight, the location of the School of Truth’s headquarters and the presiding Overseer’s identity were not essential facts for their immediate needs. They could have morphed Jebus into a dog and set Lugano and Ludwig to guard him. While the Overseer remained unaware, she and the rest could have lurked within the mirror, poised for Moran Avigny to unwittingly enter of his own accord. Ample chances to take a second captive would have presented themselves down the line.</p>
<p>However, this was Lumian’s style.</p>
<p>It had long been apparent to Franca that Lumian was predisposed to extracting intelligence on the spot. Only extraordinary reasons would induce him to postpone. As if he feared the slightest delay might thwart him from procuring otherwise obtainable insight.</p>
<p>Demoness of Black Clarice refrained from belaboring the point. Nodding, she declared, “Abide here for my return. I’ll look into these developments, but it may require some time.”</p>
<p>“As you wish, Madame Clarice.” Franca made no effort to conceal her gratified smile.</p>
<hr />
<p>Outside the dazzling Pavilion of Pleasure on Avenue du Boulevard, Lumian and Anthony seamlessly rejoined the throng of journalists.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
