<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch730.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-725-the-mirror-worlds-third-level" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 725: The Mirror World’s Third Level</h2>
<p>“We’ll never guess who it is?” Lumian and Franca scoffed simultaneously, pretending to be eager to speculate.</p>
<p>Of course, they didn’t make any direct guesses immediately. They planned to gather some information indirectly first before making a targeted guess.</p>
<p>Lumian noticed the change in Moran Avigny’s fate tributary and realized that as a Disciplinary Paladin, the man had his own principles and mystical limitations. He wouldn’t willingly reveal details about the Mirror People’s leader, yet he couldn’t completely suppress a desire to share—unable to resist the hypnotic influence. So, he taunted them in a boastful way.</p>
<p>“You mentioned Mirror People with powerful godhood can’t escape through catastrophes via leakage points, not just any Mirror People with godhood,” Lumian pointed out with a smile, interpreting Moran Avigny’s words. “So in other words, a Mirror Person corresponding to Sequence 4 has escaped, and your leader is a Mirror Person of at least Sequence 3 demigod level?”</p>
<p>Moran Avigny’s face instantly showed annoyance as he regretted being too detailed, realizing he had inadvertently revealed critical information.</p>
<p>Encouraged by Lumian’s astute observation, Franca smiled and asked, “Where are the escaped Sequence 4 Mirror People now? What are they doing?”</p>
<p>Moran Avigny’s lips trembled with clear effort, but he stayed quiet.</p>
<p><em>Just as expected from a Sequence 5 Disciplinary Paladin. They’re experts at resisting interrogation and prying… I wonder if destroying his frontal lobe would make him lose that last bit of self-control…</em> Lumian wondered to himself and switched to a less sensitive subject.</p>
<p>“What are the requirements for Mirror People to appear?</p>
<p>“Does everyone who has lived in the real Trier for a long time automatically have a corresponding Mirror Person? Or do they need exposure to certain underground corruption first?”</p>
<p>This question was based on inferences from the Dream Festival incident.</p>
<p><em>Phew…</em> Moran Avigny let out a relieved sigh, having almost lost control and spilled the most critical secrets moments earlier.</p>
<p>The current question let him relax a little. He answered smoothly, “If not for the seal specifically targeting Fourth Epoch Trier, the mirror world there would contain a complete reflection of the real Trier, including every resident. But under this seal, only those who frequently go into the underground areas and come into contact with specific corruption will leave an imprint in our mirror realm.</p>
<p>“Other than that, our kind has other origins too:</p>
<p>“The first type are descendants of a false deity. The corresponding Mirror People manifest from the moment of their birth, regardless of location or whether they’ve ever been to Trier.</p>
<p>“The second category comes from the bloodlines of certain noble families in Fourth Epoch Trier, like descendants of the Tamara family. That’s how I came to be. This isn’t limited by location or environment.”</p>
<p>Lumian and the others understood that the false deity he was talking about was Primordial Demoness Cheek. As an evil deity overseeing the mirror world, it made sense that Her descendants would have close ties to that unique realm.</p>
<p>“Why do descendants of the Tamara family have a special connection to your mirror world?” Lumian asked curiously. “Did your ancestors suffer the relevant corruption during the War of the Four Emperors, or even earlier?”</p>
<p>Moran Avigny paused for a few moments before replying, “Earlier. I’m not sure of the specifics of the corruption or how it occurred, as it was too long ago. Maybe those Tamaras who follow the Judgment pathway without being Mirror People themselves, or those of the Door pathway, have records of it.”</p>
<p>The Door pathway was another name for the Apprentice pathway.</p>
<p>Lumian nodded and asked on behalf of Franca and Jenna, “Does your kind exclude Mirror People of other Demonesses?”</p>
<p>“They are Mirror People, but not from our world,” Moran Avigny answered with a smile. “Of course, if the conditions I mentioned earlier are met, a Mirror Person corresponding to a Demoness could be born in our realm too.”</p>
<p><em>I see…</em> Franca and Jenna nodded slightly as Lumian changed the topic.</p>
<p>“What are the Mirror People who left the underground doing?”</p>
<p>His question was broad, not specifically referring to the godhood-level Mirror People. Moran Avigny struggled for a moment before responding, “Most of them stay in Trier. They either use the original’s identity to advance their status in various industries and organizations, or they hide in the shadows, secretly developing their factions. The goal is to eventually fully unseal Fourth Epoch Trier and access the third, deepest level of the mirror world.</p>
<p>“As for the rest…”</p>
<p>Moran Avigny paused and grinned at Franca and Jenna.</p>
<p>“Some infiltrated the Demoness Sect to locate the fake deity’s real-world hiding place. Others went to Lenburg to search for an item, as instructed by the leader.</p>
<p>“Don’t ask me about the progress of those in the Demoness Sect or what exactly the ones in Lenburg are looking for. That’s not my area of responsibility. No one told me the details.”</p>
<p>“I also want to find the Primordial Demoness’s real-world hiding spot. Why not tell me about the infiltrators in the Demoness Sect? Maybe we could work together,” Franca suggested with a lovely smile.</p>
<p>Moran Avigny’s expression said it all: The more beautiful the woman, the more deceptive. I won’t fall for it.</p>
<p>“I don’t know their identities either. Only the leader has all the information.”</p>
<p>“Alright then.” Franca’s eyes darted around as she continued, “What did you mean by the third level of the mirror world? We’ve all gone into Fourth Epoch Trier and entered your special mirror realm. But what we encountered there were Mirror People of the deceased citizens from that ancient era. They were reflections of that bygone city. Where does your kind live?”</p>
<p>Moran Avigny explained, “Back then, you must have accessed the second level of our mirror world. It only appears under specific conditions and preserves the scene of Fourth Epoch Trier’s destruction. It’s quite dangerous and holds many unknown secrets. As for our daily life, we live on the first level of the mirror world—a reflection of the present-day Trier.”</p>
<p>“The first level mirrors the current Trier?” Jenna keenly noticed a discrepancy. “Didn’t you say you Mirror People live in a dark, cold, confined environment?”</p>
<p>Trier was now a metropolis!</p>
<p>Moran Avigny sneered and said, “We may seem to live in a metropolis, but in reality, we are all restricted. We can only walk fixed paths, endlessly wandering between a handful of rooms and one or two streets. Without the help of godhood-level powerhouses, we can’t even talk to each other. We can only observe what our counterparts are doing in the real world through mirrors. Plus, our realm has no reflection of the sun, moon, or stars. Imagine living in such an environment.”</p>
<p><em>It’s similar to the living conditions of the painting world’s individuals, except the Mirror People have self-awareness and a clear understanding… No wonder they are in agony…</em> Lumian thought of a question when he realized the mirror world’s first level lacked the sun, moon, and stars.</p>
<p>“If a Sequence 4 Unshadowed of the Sun pathway comes into contact with the specific underground corruption, will a corresponding Mirror Person be born?”</p>
<p>“No,” Moran Avigny stated firmly.</p>
<p>Lumian used this chance to eliminate several more possibilities regarding the real identity of the Mirror People’s leader.</p>
<p>Franca sighed deeply. “The Sun pathway is truly exceptional. Befitting of the pathway that governs Purification.”</p>
<p>She then remembered her earlier unanswered question and pressed, “What exists on the third level of the mirror world?”</p>
<p>Once again, Moran Avigny shook his head.</p>
<p>“No one has entered it. We only know it exists. We know our origins, traits, and the source of our power all point to that level. As for the Chaos Demoness we revere and follow, who is also the Primordial Demoness, She is trapped there for some reason, guarding the truth.”</p>
<p><em>Trapped there? More like sealed there… ‘Protecting reality’—a nice way to spin it…</em> Lumian pondered briefly before asking, “What truth are you referring to?”</p>
<p>“Truth is truth.” Moran Avigny seemed confused, as if he had never seriously considered the matter.</p>
<p>Seeing that he lacked an answer, Jenna brought the conversation back to the Mirror People’s connection to reality.</p>
<p>Puzzled, she asked, “If the original person in reality dies, what happens to the Mirror Person?</p>
<p>“And the other way around?”</p>
<p>Moran Avigny’s lips twisted into a warped smile.</p>
<p>“Normally, if the me in reality dies, I’ll die along with him. But if I send my real self into the mirror world beforehand, the impact of his death on me will be minimal.</p>
<p>“The reverse holds true too. When I was still in the mirror world, if an invader killed me, the me in reality would merely get sick and be weakened for a time. Going forward, if he didn’t come into contact with the specific underground corruption again, no corresponding Mirror Person would exist.</p>
<p>“If I escape to the real world and am killed there, the real me won’t be affected at all.”</p>
<p>Franca hissed and said, “So instead of killing Moran Avigny directly, you found a way to drag him into the mirror world?”</p>
<p>“Exactly. I waited for him to ‘savor’ the darkness, coldness, isolation, and loneliness before ending him,” Moran Avigny confirmed with a smile.</p>
<p><em>In short, the one in the mirror loses significance and won’t impact the other’s survival, regardless of whether they are a Mirror Person or a real individual… If both are in the real world, the Mirror Person is naturally at a disadvantage…</em> Lumian nodded slightly as he started to deduce the identity of the Mirror People’s leader mentioned by Moran Avigny.</p>
<p><em>Someone who ventures into Trier’s underground often, exposed to specific corruptions.</em></p>
<p><em>Formidable godhood, at least Sequence 3.</em></p>
<p><em>He must still be alive…</em></p>
<p>With this in mind, Lumian couldn’t narrow it down further.</p>
<p>He had no choice but to use his Conspirer abilities to upload all relevant information onto his mental network.</p>
<p><em>The Overseer of the School of Truth had performed a ritual and interacted with the Mirror People’s leader.</em></p>
<p><em>The School of Truth was searching for Emperor Roselle’s final mausoleum.</em></p>
<p><em>They had obtained something significant. The vortex was on the verge of taking shape…</em></p>
<p>Suddenly, a flash of insight hit Lumian, and an incredible guess raced through his mind.</p>
<p>He couldn’t be certain, as one premise seemed questionable.</p>
<p>He took two steps forward and whispered a name into Moran Avigny’s ear.</p>
<p>Moran Avigny’s expression changed drastically, a mixture of shock and panic.</p>
<p>Lumian withdrew and exhaled solemnly.</p>
<p>“Have you figured out who the Mirror People’s leader is?” Franca asked.</p>
<p>Lumian nodded gently and surveyed the surroundings. In a deep voice, he declared, “Yes, I know who He is. He’s Roselle Gustav in the mirror!”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
