<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch779.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-773-cries" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 773: Cries</h2>
<p>The pale-white light quickly engulfed the bird-clawed infant’s Paramita, rendering the spread-out wilderness dull and indistinguishable from the surrounding ruined palaces, towers, and corridors.</p>
<p>This Paramita lost the features distinguishing the interior from the exterior, effectively withering and dying.</p>
<p>As the bone serpent collapsed, Lumian fell straight down, landing amidst the broken walls and debris scattered across the wilderness.</p>
<p>With a forceful bend of his waist and a forward flip, he landed firmly, not relying on his burning-white spear form to avoid the damage from such a fall.</p>
<p>In this pale-white nation, even the rules of the world seemed corrupted; falling from fifty meters felt no different than jumping from a five-meter building.</p>
<p>At this moment, the monstrous child of Oxyto retracted its head into the pale-white flesh sphere, forcing the temperance faction demigod Sharron to detach and hover in mid-air.</p>
<p>In the area near the main hall of Death, five or six terrifying undead creatures, influenced by Paramita, shakily rose to their feet.</p>
<p>Among them were two giant serpents with feathered wings and hairy corpses, a bloated, rotten giant, a humanoid mountain of white bones, and a woman with hair like thick snakes and a face two-thirds decayed.</p>
<p>Each of these risen dead, summoned by the bird-clawed infant, exerted immense pressure on Knight of Swords Maric.</p>
<p>As a Sequence 5 of the Prisoner pathway, he knew he couldn’t control these corpses; attempting to wake them would only result in his own immediate dismemberment.</p>
<p>The undead, immense and horrifying, locked onto the temperance faction demigod, Sharron,</p>
<p>but their movements were sluggish, as if hindered by an unseen force, unable to attack immediately.</p>
<p>Sharron, too, could control corpses and command the dead, and she was a true demigod with a higher rank than the premature bird-clawed infant!</p>
<p>Sharron’s divided focus to influence the former Blessed of Death gave Oxyto’s monstrous child a chance for rebirth. The pale-white flesh sphere bloomed like a flower, revealing a giant baby cleansed by pure water, while the sphere itself withered rapidly, turning pale and decaying as it fell to the ground.</p>
<p>Just as the giant baby spread its half-pale, half-chestnut wings, Sharron abandoned her control over the corpses.</p>
<p>In her pale-white eyes, the floating bird-clawed infant was reflected. She opened her mouth and let out a scream that seemed to come from the depths of her soul.</p>
<p>The giant baby froze, instantly transforming into a lamb covered in pale fur. Unable to fly or use any Beyonder abilities, it plummeted towards the ground, towards Lumian, who stood with the Sword of Courage.</p>
<p>Transfiguration Curse!</p>
<p>Without the monstrous child’s support, Paramita began to collapse. The risen dead lost the foundation of their existence, gradually halting their movements and toppling over in the ruins.</p>
<p>The lamb covered in pale-white fur seemed corrupted from within; as it fell, its skin split, sprouting half-pale, half-chestnut feathers, and its belly swelled, as if nurturing new life.</p>
<p>No creature could escape the fate of being corrupted and nurturing new life, not even an ordinary lamb!</p>
<p>This was a trait of the Madame pathway, and the Transfiguration Curse could not strip corresponding Beyonders of these traits!</p>
<p>Sharron never expected to resolve Oxyto’s premature child with just the Transfiguration Curse. Seizing the opportunity, she let her pale-white figure reflect in the mutated lamb’s eyes.</p>
<p>The lamb’s swelling belly began to slow, and the mutation caused by the corruption became less rapid.</p>
<p>It continued to plummet towards the ground.</p>
<p>Lumian, standing on the ground, looked up with a smile, raising the blue-hued blazing white Sword of Courage.</p>
<p>As the lamb entered his attack range, a spear of pure, intense sunlight shot from the half-collapsed tower.</p>
<p>Knight of Swords Maric, enduring significant pain and damage, once again projected the spear that illuminated the pale-white world.</p>
<p>This time, the bird-clawed infant, still in lamb form, could not evade or find a helper to block the spear. It could only watch as the golden spear of sunlight pierced its abdomen and exploded.</p>
<p>At this moment, as the scorching white sunlight engulfed the target, Sharron used Lumian’s eyes and the pure gold in the nearby ruins to Mirror Jump away from the bright, sunlit, and fading pale area.</p>
<p>Although the lamb’s body shielded her from the direct harm of the sunlight explosion, she, as a spirit-like Beyonder, still suffered significant impact.</p>
<p>When she reappeared in a golden pattern embedded in a wall hundreds of meters away, her figure had thinned noticeably, dripping waxy liquid like sweat.</p>
<p>Lumian stood close to the pale-white lamb, filled with courage, not dodging, but standing firmly, welcoming the spreading sunlight.</p>
<p>Wearing the Eggers family’s golden mask, his entire body ignited, blackening and melting like a candle, bringing extreme pain.</p>
<p>Fortunately, he was not at the explosion’s core, most of the damage falling on the bird-clawed infant, with Sharron taking some as well. Otherwise, the sunlight spear might have purified him in one blow.</p>
<p>The Sword of Courage also absorbed half the damage, making his injuries not as severe as they appeared.</p>
<p>Clenching his teeth, Lumian advanced instead of retreating, running towards the falling bird-clawed infant with the eroded white broadsword in hand.</p>
<p>With a faint thud, the half-melted, ghastly pale lamb crashed onto the shattered stones. .</p>
<p>Lumian arrived a second later, his eyes turning from iron-black to pale-white.</p>
<p>He swung the Sword of Courage with both hands.</p>
<p>Bright white and blue flames flared, the sharp sword striking the lamb’s chest and abdomen.</p>
<p>The explosion was not loud, but the flames and the violent shockwave lifted the surrounding rubble, tearing a jagged hole in the lamb’s chest and abdomen.</p>
<p><em>Boom! Boom!</em></p>
<p>Lumian swung the sword twice more, splitting the bird-clawed infant’s lamb form into charred fragments.</p>
<p>The charred pieces were immediately eroded by the pale-white color, bringing a sense of dark, dead silence.</p>
<p>Just as Lumian was about to strike again, the pale lamb’s abdomen exploded, scattering rotten flesh and liquid with a strange aura.</p>
<p>Instinctively, Lumian slashed the void ahead with the Sword of Courage, cutting through everything there.</p>
<p><em>Boom!</em> Bright white flames and a violent shockwave formed a solid wall, blocking the rotten flesh and evil liquid.</p>
<p>As the pale lamb’s abdomen exploded, a small, phantom figure with bird claws and wings, covered in a layer of pure water, flew out, heading straight for the black bird egg beneath the ancient Death’s corpse.</p>
<p>This time, the bird-clawed infant, reduced to a phantom, was no longer cautious, no longer circling.</p>
<p>Knight of Swords Maric could not throw the spear of sunlight again, as it would cause his severely injured body to dissolve in the light. Instead, he opened his arms, summoning a divine pillar of clean flame from the sky, aiming at the phantom heading for the main hall of Death.</p>
<p>The bird-clawed infant’s figure first disappeared, then reappeared, evading the divine pillar’s attack, but was immediately locked by Sharron’s pale-white eyes.</p>
<p>Sharron transformed into a dim, stiff doll, encasing herself in layers of ice.</p>
<p>Simultaneously, layers of crystalline ice emerged around the bird-clawed infant, briefly fixing it in place, preventing its disappearance or progress.</p>
<p>The bird-clawed infant raised its head, letting out a howling wail within the ice cage.</p>
<p>The ice cage silently shattered.</p>
<p>The bird-clawed infant’s body, covered in clear, pure water, splashed towards the ancient Death’s corpse, forming droplets of faint golden liquid.</p>
<p>These droplets, drawn by an unseen force, converged into a river, carrying the bird-clawed infant towards the black bird egg burning with pale-white flames.</p>
<p>Seeing this, Lumian instinctively wanted to avoid the Phoenix Ancestor’s corpse. He leaned back, raised his arm, and hurled the Sword of Courage.</p>
<p>The broadsword, eroded to pale but blazing with white and blue flames, flew like a conscious missile, covering hundreds of meters, leaving a trail of flames in the air, and striking the bird-clawed infant.</p>
<p>Locked on!</p>
<p><em>Rumble!</em></p>
<p>The sky near the black bird egg erupted with expanding white flames, forming a mushroom cloud.</p>
<p>Silently, charred shadowy fragments fell from the expanding flames and cloud, like a rain of dust.</p>
<p>The dust turned pale before touching the ground, some blown by the wind onto the black bird egg.</p>
<p>At that moment, Lumian heard an illusory shattering sound and felt his Reaper potion fully digest.</p>
<p>He had no time to rejoice as his mind and consciousness, protected by the Eggers family golden mask, were overwhelmed by fear and dread.</p>
<p>He lowered his head, knelt to the ground, and hugged himself, trembling.</p>
<p>He only wanted to obey the orders of the Phoenix Ancestor’s corpse.</p>
<p>As an undead, he lost his courage, his vision darkening.</p>
<p><em>Thump, splash…</em> In extreme fear, Lumian heard the sound of a heartbeat and flowing blood.</p>
<p>It came from nearby, within this Pale-White Nation.</p>
<p>It resonated strangely with Lumian.</p>
<p>Faintly, Lumian heard a mournful cry:</p>
<p>“Child!</p>
<p>“My child!”</p>
<p><em>Who is your child? Who are you?</em> Lumian instinctively wondered.</p>
<p>The mournful cry continued:</p>
<p>“My child, where are you?”</p>
<p>The voice paused and then rose slightly:</p>
<p>“Omebella, where are you?”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
