<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch787.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-781-individual-missions" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 781: Individual Missions</h2>
<p>Two days later, at a quiet spot on the docks of Banamo Port.</p>
<p>Jenna, dressed in a black outfit that looked like a cross between a dress and a robe, gazed out over the blue ocean shrouded in a thin fog.</p>
<p>Her task was to monitor the docks and be the first to spot Admiral Deep Sea’s flagship, the Newins.</p>
<p>Of course, this was just one of her responsibilities. The most critical part was to ensure no Pirate King’s fleet arrived at Banamo Port before the Newins. If that happened, she had to quickly inform Lumian so the unknown adventurer could disappear.</p>
<p>Jenna paced back and forth or found a spot to sit, patiently waiting for her target.</p>
<p>Suddenly, she saw a colossal shape break the surface of the water, emerging from the depths.</p>
<p>The massive object was jet black and metallic, with seawater cascading off its surface. It resembled an elongated, inflated spindle with a thin, curved metal tube extending from its top like a snail’s eye stalk.</p>
<p>In the next moment, the metal tube retracted, and the upper half of the behemoth split open, unfolding outward to reveal a broad deck, numerous cannons, and hundreds of pirates. Masts and sails were raised.</p>
<p>Jenna was momentarily mesmerized. Though Lumian had described how Bone Splitter Basil’s Black Octopus submerged, surfaced, and unfolded, seeing it in person was stunning.</p>
<p>There was a strong sense of mechanical beauty!</p>
<p>Moreover, the behemoth was no smaller than the latest steam-powered ocean liners, vastly superior to traditional sailing pirate ships.</p>
<p>Jenna didn’t need further confirmation to know this was Admiral Deep Sea Howl Constantine’s flagship, the Newins.</p>
<p>She quickly deduced that the Newins had arrived alone, without the Black Octopus.</p>
<p>Since Vice Admiral Dusk Bulatov Ivan became the King of Dusk, other ships in Admiral Deep Sea’s fleet rarely traveled with the flagship. The Newins and the Black Octopus could submerge and travel secretly, which other ships couldn’t do. Forcing them to follow would only expose Howl Constantine’s movements.</p>
<p>This was one reason Franca had targeted Admiral Deep Sea.</p>
<p><em>What a beautiful piece of alchemical machinery…</em> Jenna thought, staring at the Newins.</p>
<p>Her father had been a worker, and his appreciation for machinery had deeply influenced her and her brother Julien.</p>
<p>With Trier full of all sorts of useful and odd machines, Julien had almost given up his faith in the Eternal Blazing Sun in his youth to join the God of Steam and Machinery’s Church.</p>
<p>Jenna withdrew her gaze and walked away from the dock, somewhat worried about something else.</p>
<p>Her brother Julien would return to Trier in just over a month after his exchange studies. She didn’t want him to continue living in this dangerous city built on a “caldera.” She wanted Julien to settle in a place with strong official forces but not as dangerous as Trier. Port LeSeur, where he was currently staying, or another similar town would be ideal.</p>
<p>Jenna knew she couldn’t persuade Julien. He would worry about her unless she found a reliable person to marry. Besides, Julien had grown up in Trier, and it offered him more opportunities. How could he leave his hometown?</p>
<p><em>I need to find a way, something temporary to convince him. Permanent relocation is something Julien would never accept. As Franca said, maybe try for three years, then another three…</em> Jenna didn’t consider having Anthony directly “hypnotize” Julian.</p>
<p>Just then, two drunken pirates stumbled onto the dock and spotted Jenna in her hooded, dress-like outfit.</p>
<p>They looked her up and down for a few seconds, exchanged glances, and blocked her path.</p>
<p>“Hey lady, name your price.”</p>
<p>“If you don’t want to, we’ll just decide for ourselves!”</p>
<p>As they spoke, the pirates reached out to grab Jenna.</p>
<p>In Banamo Port, this wasn’t uncommon. Local women either worked as streetwalkers in protected places like bars or stayed home to avoid attracting pirates. The best outcome would be the arrival of the sheriff and receive compensation, and the worst would be being killed on the spot by pirates unwilling to pay, their bodies thrown into the sea or taken aboard a ship and sold elsewhere.</p>
<p>Before the pirates could touch her, they suddenly found themselves engulfed in silent, evil black flames.</p>
<p>They felt a surge of fear and pain, sobering up instantly, and turned to flee in terror.</p>
<p>As they ran, they screamed, “Witch!”</p>
<p>“Witch!”</p>
<p>Jenna felt a bit of her Witch potion digest from their fear and pain. She watched them weaken under the black flames, collapsing and dying as they ran.</p>
<p>Jenna then faced a dilemma.</p>
<p><em>Should I maintain the mysterious and evil image of a Witch or follow my instincts and take the money from their corpses…</em></p>
<hr />
<p>In a bar in Banamo Port.</p>
<p>Anthony sat on a barstool with a mug of beer, listening to a pirate across from him boast.</p>
<p>His task for the past two days had been to blend in with the pirates, monitor, and guide the “public opinion.”</p>
<p>Although Lumian had analyzed a lot, he wasn’t entirely sure how the pirate community would react. Human nature was unpredictable, and among so many pirates, it was normal for some to act in ways that defied logic.</p>
<p>A Conspirer couldn’t predict events with certainty like a high-ranked Seer, Prophet, or Spectator. They needed to prepare extra measures to ensure things went as planned and not fall apart at the first deviation.</p>
<p>So, Anthony frequented the pirates’ favorite bars, making as many friends as possible to understand their reactions to the unknown adventurer’s provocations. He identified voices that could significantly influence the outcome and used his Hypnotist abilities to quietly guide and change the attitudes of a few influential pirates, ensuring the public opinion matched Lumian’s goals.</p>
<p>This large-scale, covert guidance helped Anthony digest a good portion of his Hypnotist potion.</p>
<p>It involved actual hypnosis and seemed to indirectly guide the collective psyche of the pirates in Banamo Port.</p>
<p>Gulping down golden beer, the pirate beside Anthony admired his new friend.</p>
<p>To him, this new friend was not only amiable but also a good listener among pirates, not interrupting to show off during others’ stories.</p>
<p>Holy Lord of Storms, it’s rare to meet a pirate like this. I finally got to finish my story! The pirate Stilwell praised the god in his heart and asked Anthony, “Interested in joining our crew?”</p>
<p>Anthony smiled and replied, “I don’t think I’m skilled enough to be one of you.”</p>
<p>“Haha.” Stilwell laughed proudly.</p>
<p>Anthony glanced around and lowered his voice, “Have you heard about the unknown adventurer?”</p>
<p>Stilwell’s smile vanished instantly. “Yeah, I heard. There’s so many pirate captains here, but none have taught that adventurer a lesson! What are they waiting for? This is their chance to gain more fame. They might even become the tenth Pirate Admiral!”</p>
<p>In his rant, Stilwell never mentioned challenging the arrogant adventurer himself.</p>
<p>Suddenly, a commotion erupted in the bar.</p>
<p>“What’s happening?” Stilwell picked up his beer and mumbled, heading towards the table.</p>
<p>After a while, he returned to the bar, excitedly telling Anthony, “Admiral Deep Sea is in Banamo!”</p>
<p>“Admiral Deep Sea is here?” Anthony looked delighted.</p>
<p>“Yes, someone will teach that bastard a lesson!” Stilwell sat back on his stool, enthusiastically, “That’s a Pirate Admiral! Every Pirate Admiral earned their title through real battles, not just boasting. They could kill all the adventurers here if they wanted to!”</p>
<p>When Stilwell finished, Anthony echoed, “I’m already looking forward to it.”</p>
<p><em>Gulp.</em> Stilwell picked up his beer mug again and took a sip.</p>
<p>He boasted, “I thought Admiral Deep Sea would come to end the humiliation caused by those so-called notable pirates.”</p>
<p>“Why do you say that?” Anthony asked curiously.</p>
<p>Stilwell glanced at him. “You don’t know?”</p>
<p>Anthony smiled and explained, “Although I’m from Intis, our boss often intercepts ships in the Berserk Sea and rarely comes to the Fog Sea.”</p>
<p>“That explains it.” Stilwell nodded understandingly. He lowered his voice, “We suspect Admiral Deep Sea comes to Banamo Port every year to find that legendary treasure.”</p>
<p>“Treasure? The Lost Newins?” Anthony acted like a genuine pirate.</p>
<p>The Lost Newins was one of the most famous treasure legends on the Five Seas, rumored to be at the bottom of a certain part of the Fog Sea. It was said to be the site of an ancient civilization of intelligent beings, long destroyed. Strange items often appeared in the area, all pointing to the ancient Newins.</p>
<p>“Yes.” Stilwell nodded emphatically. “Think about it. Admiral Deep Sea’s flagship was found in some ruins and named the Newins. Anyone would suspect those ruins are the Lost Newins! Besides, the area where the Newins supposedly sank isn’t far from here.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
