<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch788.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-782-clamor" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 782: Clamor</h2>
<p>Banamo Port, Carnival Bar.</p>
<p>Adventurer Mason had donned the loose pants and thick jacket favored by pirates. He looked toward the unknown adventurer drinking strong liquor with his back to him, feeling a constant tension.</p>
<p>He wasn’t worried about being hurt but was anxious about when this kind of life would end.</p>
<p>Pirates were never reasonable; they would always vent their anger on others. After no one stepped up to respond to the arrogant unknown adventurer, many pirates tried to take their anger out on other adventurers in Banamo Port.</p>
<p>Frequent adventurers in Banamo Port were used to a life of hiding. They would never openly identify as adventurers, disguising themselves as other professions instead. Otherwise, bodies would be found in alleys or floating near the docks.</p>
<p>In this pirate-dominated port, being an adventurer was clearly a dangerous and elusive profession. People like Mason had regular identities to disguise themselves, sometimes even joining pirate crews to help gather supplies while stationed in Banamo Port.</p>
<p>Taking on commissions wouldn’t expose an adventurer’s identity because many pirates also took jobs for rewards. For example, if they killed a rival pirate, they could collect a bounty through connections. Who wouldn’t want that?</p>
<p>Pirates approached tasks differently from adventurers. They would first identify the mission issuer and decide if they could kill the client directly. Some adventurers would naturally turn into bandits in lawless areas.</p>
<p>Mason had recently lost his job at a trading company. With his distinct, non-native features, he had to dress as a pirate to avoid trouble.</p>
<p>His thoughts drifted to a corner of the Carnival Bar near the window. The walls were charred, the glass cracked, and overturned tables and chairs lay amidst two charred bodies that had been burning for a long time.</p>
<p>These were two pirates.</p>
<p>Earlier that afternoon, they had recognized an adventurer they had encountered before and decided to vent their malice on him. The unknown adventurer at the bar counter didn’t even turn his head, summoning one fiery raven after another, blasting the pirates apart and burning them.</p>
<p>This convinced the watching pirates that the unknown adventurer was a man of his word.</p>
<p>If he said he would kill, he would kill. If he promised punishment for crossing the line, there would be punishment, even in a pirate port watched by thousands of pirates and many Beyonders.</p>
<p>And the pirates’ captain didn’t dare retaliate.</p>
<p>Mason had witnessed the entire scene. He noticed that the two pirates were familiar with the Pyromaniac’s abilities and were quite skilled, with one being a Low-Sequence Beyonder. Despite their precautions, they couldn’t escape the ravens. They were covered in flames by the window before they could escape from the center of the bar.</p>
<p>This filled Mason with admiration and longing.</p>
<p><em>When will I have such power?</em></p>
<p><em>When can I become an adventurer who can intimidate so many pirates?</em></p>
<p>Mason had intended to “kindly” help the pirates deal with the bodies, but to his regret, their captain and first mate quickly arrived and collected their “inheritance.”</p>
<p><em>I should stick close to this adventurer. If I’m recognized, I’m done for…</em> Mason muttered, gulping down his dark beer.* How did my life change so drastically?*</p>
<p>Though he hadn’t been harmed, he felt implicated.</p>
<p>This heightened his fear that he might have brought disaster to Banamo Port, though it didn’t seem like a disaster yet. He hoped it would end when the unknown adventurer left or a Pirate Admiral or King arrived.</p>
<p><em>Never perform rituals you don’t fully understand…</em> Mason warned himself.</p>
<p>He then raised his glass to his reflection on the wall, toasting to his resolution.</p>
<hr />
<p>In the shadow, Franca was intently observing the Carnival Bar inside and out.</p>
<p>This was her task.</p>
<p>Even though Lumian was vigilant and prepared, he could still be ambushed. The Beyonder world had many strange, unpredictable, and hard-to-defend abilities, rituals, and spells. Thus, Franca stayed hidden, monitoring the surroundings from another angle, ready to intervene or provide a Mirror Substitution.</p>
<p>In the past few days of wandering around Banamo Port with Lumian, Franca had seen pirates drinking, chatting, joking, eating, gambling, venting, and sleeping, making them seem no different from ordinary people. She felt a bit guilty about the possible plague plan. But after witnessing pirate battles and hearing about killings, kidnappings, bullying, robbery, and rape, she genuinely felt that letting these scum die from the plague would purify the world and be a good deed.</p>
<p>Ignoring her hunger, Franca grumbled about Lumian, <em>This guy, doesn’t he know it’s been an hour past lunch? You get to eat, but I don’t! Based on our previous understanding, shouldn’t we shake off potential trackers, hide back at the inn, and let me rest and eat something?</em></p>
<p>Despite her complaints, Franca continued to dutifully monitor the surroundings.</p>
<p>At that moment, a few pirates entered, bringing a lively, joyful, and excited atmosphere to different tables.</p>
<p><em>Hmm…</em> Franca melded into the shadows, sticking to the wall, and stealthily approached a group of pirates to listen in.</p>
<p>“Admiral Deep Sea is really here?”</p>
<p>“The Newins has already docked!”</p>
<p>“Do they know about the adventurer?”</p>
<p>“…”</p>
<p><em>Oh, Admiral Deep Sea is finally here…</em> Franca silently confirmed with a guess.</p>
<p>Since Jenna hadn’t issued a warning, it meant no Pirate King had arrived in Banamo Port. Franca began to anticipate Admiral Deep Sea’s reaction and actions.</p>
<p>She was sure Admiral Deep Sea and his key subordinates were aware of the unknown adventurer’s provocation.</p>
<p>It was a simple deduction.</p>
<p>Since Admiral Deep Sea was avoiding the King of Dusk, he would first confirm the situation in Banamo Port before coming to resupply.</p>
<p>The common practice was to send lesser-known pirates from the fleet on other ships to scout Banamo Port. If Banamo Port was a regular stop, trusted subordinates might be stationed there long-term, reporting back promptly.</p>
<p>Of course, local forces could also provide warnings. In any case, Admiral Deep Sea would be well aware of recent events in Banamo Port; otherwise, he wouldn’t surface the Newins.</p>
<p>Franca calmed herself, no longer distracted by hunger.</p>
<p>But like the pirates, she waited half an hour without seeing Admiral Deep Sea or his key subordinates, growing puzzled.</p>
<p><em>Why haven’t they shown up?</em></p>
<p><em>Could it be that Admiral Deep Sea is also a cautious person? But Lumian is only showing the strength of a strong Sequence 6. This crafty guy is using crimson-white flames, not the Reaper’s white flames…</em></p>
<p>Franca thought carefully and understood the reason.</p>
<p>If she were in his shoes, targeted by the King of Dusk, she wouldn’t cause trouble right after arriving at a port. She would complete the resupply first and prepare for another dive. That way, even if something unexpected happened, they could leave Banamo Port immediately and not complete their primary objective here.</p>
<p>Also, Lumian, the unknown adventurer, had been in Banamo Port for two or three days. He didn’t seem to be hunting bounties of lesser known pirates, as if he were waiting for something.</p>
<p>This could make people suspicious of his true intentions. Admiral Deep Sea would naturally be cautious.</p>
<p><em>Phew…</em> Franca sighed silently.</p>
<p>Her gaze continued to sweep across the Carnival Bar, wary of any surprises.</p>
<p>In the process, her eyes inevitably swept over Lumian, noticing her companion’s slight smile and good mood, holding a cup of amber-colored Lanti Proof mixed with something unknown.</p>
<hr />
<p>Lumian played with his glass, using his Hunter’s exceptional hearing to roughly understand why the pirates were suddenly excited and anxious.</p>
<p>His target had arrived!</p>
<p>Lumian wasn’t surprised since he already knew—Jenna had come by earlier and left a note under his hand, concealed by shadows.</p>
<p>Knowing Admiral Deep Sea wouldn’t come looking for him immediately, Lumian remained calm, acting unaware of the commotion behind him.</p>
<p>He glanced at the bartender trying to control his expression and smiled.</p>
<p>“The wind is quite noisy today,” Lumian said.</p>
<p>The bartender didn’t know how to respond, forcing a stiff smile. “True.”</p>
<p>Lumian said nothing more, feeling his emotions and state change.</p>
<p>To be honest, he felt a bit nervous about facing a Pirate Admiral with his fleet. But it also made his blood boil slightly.</p>
<p>He had never been one to shy away from challenges. Since becoming a Hunter, he had tasted the allure of challenges even more.</p>
<p>With that thought, Lumian raised his cup of Lanti Proof to his lips, tilted his head back, and drank it all in one go.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
