<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch785.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-779-pirate-haven" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 779: Pirate Haven</h2>
<p>Banamo Port.</p>
<p>As Lumian strolled along the streets, he couldn’t shake the feeling that he had arrived in Backlund, the capital of the Loen Kingdom. Although he had never been there, the foggy sky and damp, cold environment mirrored Trier’s newspapers and magazines’ mockery of Backlund.</p>
<p>Of course, the architectural style here was distinctly different from Backlund’s. There were two main types: one was large yet not crude, with typical Feysac characteristics, and the other was a mix of stone and wood, simple and rough, often crowded together without any clear planning.</p>
<p>Most of the people on the streets were dressed like typical pirates, with short knives strapped to their waists and guns tucked into their belts, not bothering to conceal their weapons. In contrast, the locals with dark-brown skin always wore smiles, their faces full of deference.</p>
<p>Lumian fully understood the mindset of the natives. After all, angering a pirate could result in being dragged into a corner and killed, or having someone sneak into their home at night to murder them. The killer would then sail away on their pirate ship without a care.</p>
<p>The current rulers of Banamo Island were trying to recruit pirates and adventurers to maintain order and hoped the great pirates would agree on a pirate code to regulate behavior in the port. However, these measures had limited effectiveness.</p>
<p>This was because seasoned pirates couldn’t suddenly start obeying laws and strict rules, even if they became sheriffs or police officers. Moreover, there wasn’t a strong enough force on the island to keep them in check. As a result, it was common for sheriffs to break the law and accept bribes to shield criminals.</p>
<p>The pirate code, agreed upon by the great pirates, wasn’t mandatory. Even if someone broke it, they would only face minor punishment within their own crew. No one would hand over their own men to be dealt with by others.</p>
<p>These measures’ greatest effect was making Banamo Port appear somewhat orderly. As Lumian admired the bustling street scenes, he occasionally heard screams or gunshots from the alleys.</p>
<p><em>This place is perfect for a Hunter</em>, he thought, genuinely appreciating it.</p>
<p>When two groups of pirates started a brawl in the middle of the street, Lumian had a sudden idea: <em>A large-scale plague for a Demoness of Despair advancement ritual could work here…</em></p>
<p><em>But I would need to develop medicine to prevent infection or severe illness and secretly distribute it to the locals…</em></p>
<p><em>The only problem is that there aren’t 30,000 pirates here. However, there are quite a few Beyonders among them. Infecting them and causing them suffering and despair should significantly reduce the number needed for the ritual…</em></p>
<p>As Lumian watched the pirate brawl with interest, he pondered the feasibility of holding the Demoness of Despair ritual in Banamo Port.</p>
<p>When the fight was almost over, the sheriffs finally arrived, dispersing the two groups and symbolically arresting a few people.</p>
<p>They were just waiting for the respective pirate crews to pay the fines!</p>
<p>As for the grievances between the two groups, the sheriffs didn’t care. If they wanted revenge, they would have to settle it out at sea.</p>
<p>Meanwhile, adventurers and locals quietly dragged away some of the pirate corpses left on the street.</p>
<p>Lumian felt like applauding this kind of order.</p>
<p>Taking advantage of the remaining daylight and the sun filtering through the fog, he continued his leisurely stroll through Banamo Port.</p>
<p>Passing a stone house with a small square, he saw a dozen or so people gathered, mostly locals. A pirate wearing a bicorne hat and blue woolen clothes stood on a stone platform in front of them.</p>
<p>The pirate was shouting in Feysac, “You’re just a bunch of pups fresh from your mother’s embrace. If you want to become proper pirates, you need training. Today, I’ll give you your first lesson: who you can and can’t mess with at sea…”</p>
<p>Feysac was the language with the least difference from ancient Feysac. Lumian, skilled in ancient Feysac, barely understood what the pirate was saying. He realized that the pirate crew was recruiting newcomers and providing basic training.</p>
<p><em>Why does this feel like a big company in Trier hiring new employees…</em> Lumian grumbled to himself as he watched the pirate display wanted posters and portraits, introducing the six kings, nine admirals, and notable adventurers.</p>
<p>This was exactly the information Lumian needed. He stopped and listened from a distance.</p>
<p>As expected, he saw a portrait and detailed introduction of Louis Berry.</p>
<p>At the end, the pirate with the bicorne hat pointed to a portrait and said, “His bounty isn’t high, but you must never underestimate him, or even have any contact with him.”</p>
<p><em>No contact at all?</em> Lumian focused on the portrait, seeing a burly man in his thirties with thick brown body hair, wearing suspenders and a white shirt.</p>
<p>The pirate’s tone became serious as he introduced the man to the new pirates, “His name is Frank Lee, the first mate of the Queen of Stars. He’s a Druid.</p>
<p>“What is a Druid? I’ll explain when we cover Beyonder knowledge. For now, just know that a Druid is Sequence 5, on par with the Pirate Admirals. So, understand how terrifying Frank Lee is?</p>
<p>“But that’s not the main reason adventurers and pirates fear him. I don’t know the exact reason either. I only know that every pirate and adventurer who’s encountered Frank Lee acts like they’ve gone mad. They jump out of their chairs and sometimes vomit when his name is mentioned. They always warn me to stay away from Frank Lee and not to leave any blood near him or eat anything found around him…”</p>
<p><em>So, the legendary Druid Frank Lee is the first mate of the Pirate King… But why are so many pirates and adventurers so terrified of him? Even if he has the strength of a Pirate Admiral and is ruthless, it shouldn’t cause this reaction…</em> Lumian silently mused as he listened to the pirate’s introduction.</p>
<p>He was curious about what made Frank Lee so special.</p>
<p>After watching the pirate crew’s recruitment, Lumian headed to the nearby Carnival Bar.</p>
<p>He pushed through the unapologetically pirate crowd and sat on a high stool at the bar, ordering a Lanti Proof.</p>
<p>The common language in Banamo Port was Feysac, but pirates spoke various languages, and few were multilingual. Those who spoke Feysac formed one circle, those who spoke Intisian another, and so on. Lumian chose the Carnival Bar because all its signage was in Intisian.</p>
<p>In the noisy, lively environment, Lumian took two sips of his drink, put down his glass, and asked the bartender loudly in Intisian, “Do you have detailed information on the nine Pirate Admirals? Something beyond the wanted posters.”</p>
<p>Suddenly, the entire bar went silent. Every pirate turned to look at Lumian at the bar.</p>
<p>It became so quiet that the sound of someone swallowing could be heard.</p>
<p>The bartender’s expression turned awkward and amused. He asked Lumian, “Are you an adventurer?”</p>
<p>An adventurer coming to a pirate bar to ask for detailed information on the Pirate Admirals!</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t answer the bartender. He half-turned to look at the staring pirates.</p>
<p>Around him, one by one, crimson-white fireballs began to form and float in the air.</p>
<p>Lumian smiled, raising his chin slightly. “Even though your bounties are low and I don’t want to bother, if anyone wants to give me money voluntarily, I won’t mind accepting it.”</p>
<p>The pirates’ expressions changed, but Lumian’s gaze remained steady. He scanned their faces and sneered. “Anyone want to try?”</p>
<p>Silence. The entire Carnival Bar remained silent.</p>
<p>Everyone could feel the danger in those crimson-white fireballs.</p>
<p>Lumian stopped provoking them, pointing to a chair a few meters behind him.</p>
<p>“Don’t appear behind me. Don’t think about using the crowd to get close and assassinate me.</p>
<p>“If anyone crosses that chair, I’ll kill them.”</p>
<p>After speaking, Lumian turned back, smiling at the bartender amid the fireballs.</p>
<p>“Now, you can answer my question.”</p>
<p>Seeing this adventurer not introduce himself or boast about his exploits, but show absolute confidence and a nonchalant attitude toward killing, the bartender forced a smile.</p>
<p>“We know about the same as the wanted posters. If you want more hidden details, ask the enemies of the Pirate Admirals. Emperor Roselle once said the person who knows you best is your enemy.”</p>
<p>“Tell me about each Pirate Admiral’s enemies,” Lumian said, taking another sip of his Lanti Proof.</p>
<p>In the bar, the pirates resumed their conversations, while some quietly left, seemingly to find help upon seeing the adventurer easily maintain the fireballs.</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t stop them or even look their way.</p>
<p>When the bartender finished, Lumian had a general understanding of who Admiral Deep Sea Howl Constantine’s enemies were. This Pirate Admiral with sea monster blood was usually low-key and mysterious. Besides doing pirate work in a bloody and brutal manner, he rarely clashed with other Pirate Admirals or major forces. However, the former Vice Admiral Dusk, now the King of Dusk, Bulatov Ivan, suspected Howl Constantine’s two “submarine ships” came from a legendary sea treasure, the Lost Newins. He targeted Admiral Deep Sea, seeking information on the Newins, leading to multiple conflicts.</p>
<p>When Bulatov became a king over the seas, Admiral Deep Sea Howl Constantine had no choice but to avoid this powerhouse and his fleet.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
