<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch793.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-787-magic-mirror-divinations-answers" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 787: Magic Mirror Divination’s Answers</h2>
<p>When Great Shark Jörg and his men arrived at the dock, the spot where the Newins had been moored was now empty, with only the gentle ripples of blue water moving softly in the light fog.</p>
<p>At that moment, Jörg and the other pirates stood frozen, as if they were staring at a surreal painting beyond their imagination.</p>
<p>Soon, a deep panic gripped them.</p>
<p><em>The Admiral fled on the Newins. What do we do now?</em></p>
<p><em>If that unknown adventurer couldn’t kill the Admiral and let him escape, will he turn his attention to us for revenge?</em></p>
<p><em>He used illusions to deal with us; he must have really come to hunt the Admiral…</em></p>
<p>Their thoughts raced, and Great Shark Jörg and his men turned and ran, fleeing the dock area.</p>
<p>They needed to find the Newins’ contacts in Banamo Port, relying on their local knowledge to find a secret place to hide and then contact Admiral Deep Sea to decide their next steps.</p>
<hr />
<p>Inside the captain’s cabin of the Newins.</p>
<p>Howl Constantine, having donned his translucent octopus mask again, stared at the nearly lightless, swaying seawater outside the thick glass window, feeling his internal and external wounds gradually healing with the help of medicinal potions.</p>
<p>He couldn’t help but recall his recent encounter. Though it was extremely painful, it brought him an unprecedented pleasure, leaving his soul almost completely blank.</p>
<p>The joy it gave him far surpassed that of the women brought to the ship, making him want to experience it again despite his strong will.</p>
<p><em>Phew…</em> Howl Constantine exhaled, grateful that he had activated the Newins’ defense system in time. Otherwise, under the influence of that extreme pleasure, he would have been easily killed in the next second.</p>
<p>He believed the assassins had felt the Newins become extremely dangerous, leading them to retreat and flee the alchemical ship without pursuing him further.</p>
<p>He did not regret not activating the defense system earlier; being caught off guard, he had no time to do so.</p>
<p>What puzzled Howl Constantine now was when the seed of pleasure had been planted in him, causing an explosive reaction upon seeing the true face and figure of that Demoness.</p>
<p>He muttered to himself, <em>Is that why the male assassin never attacked?</em></p>
<p><em>Not that he didn’t want to, but he couldn’t, not until the pleasure seed had fully rooted in my soul?</em></p>
<p><em>What are their true intentions beyond assassinating me? Are they after the secrets of the Newins and the Lost Newins?</em></p>
<p>Lacking the necessary clues, Admiral Deep Sea found it hard to make a decisive judgment and could only suppress his emotions for now, planning to contact his subordinates in Banamo Port once his body and soul had fully recovered to check if they had noticed anything unusual.</p>
<p>Instinctively, he reviewed the recent events, trying to find investigative details. But removing the true intentions of the assassins made the whole affair seem like a deliberate setup by two Demonesses and their companions to give him an ultimate pleasure, with the near-death experience being a normal part of it. In this world, many have died from pleasure without being attacked.</p>
<p>Reflecting on this, Howl Constantine noticed a shiny gold Louis d’or at the cabin door.</p>
<p>It was left by the two Demonesses.</p>
<p>Staring at the water at the doorstep and the gold coin, which had clearly been treated to prevent tracking, Howl Constantine suddenly had a ridiculous thought and fell into an indescribable silence.</p>
<hr />
<p>In the motel room rented by Lumian and company in Banamo Port.</p>
<p>Jenna quickly removed the Scotch Broom-like Decency brooch and submerged it in the aluminum military flask Lumian had given her.</p>
<p>Almost simultaneously, Jenna felt the eyes of Lumian, Franca, and Anthony change significantly.</p>
<p>Their gazes now held undisguised disgust, aversion, and malice.</p>
<p>Jenna had felt malice from some people in the bars and dance halls of Trier’s Rue Pasteur, but it was often mixed with desire and longing, unlike the pure hatred and loathing now directed at her.</p>
<p>Of course, Jenna also noticed a certain amount of desire in Franca’s disgust and aversion, as if she wanted to satisfy herself by domineering over Jenna.</p>
<p>Lumian, though his expression remained relatively normal, had a change in his eyes, reflecting an Ascetic’s endurance.</p>
<p>He nodded at Jenna and said, “The Decency brooch’s negative effect has taken hold. Go to the next room for an hour.”</p>
<p>“I know.” Jenna glanced at Lumian, recalling past events.</p>
<p>Back then, she had been tasked with protecting Lumian under the negative effect of the Decency brooch, and she had felt the urge to beat him up.</p>
<p>She regretted not taking the chance to draw piles of dogshit on his face.</p>
<p>Recalling these memories, Jenna smiled slightly, left the room, and went to wait for the negative effect to wear off in the next room.</p>
<p>“Phew, the Decency brooch’s negative effect is really strong…” Franca commented sincerely.</p>
<p>Lumian gave her a sidelong glance and laughed.</p>
<p>“I think your hatred and disgust weren’t pure enough.”</p>
<p>Franca immediately felt embarrassed, awkwardly smiling as she said, “Sometimes, hatred and disgust can also spark desire. Just ask Anthony!”</p>
<p>Before Lumian could turn to him, Anthony spoke up, “It’s true. The human brain and soul are complex. Different people might develop the same desire from different stimuli.</p>
<p>“Some get pleasure from pain, others from jealousy, breaking taboos, being scolded or tortured, or sharing with others, gaining their affection. The possibilities are endless.”</p>
<p>“In simple terms, the world is full of perverts?” Lumian mocked Franca.</p>
<p>Franca didn’t take the bait, her expression growing serious as she frowned slightly.</p>
<p>Once free from the Decency brooch’s negative effect, she recalled the scene she had witnessed earlier.</p>
<p>After some thought, she said, “Do you think Admiral Deep Sea’s real appearance resembles Harrison from Resurrection Island?”</p>
<p>Lumian recalled and said, “You mean they both have noticeable Eastern features?”</p>
<p>He had seen Franca’s drawing of Harrison.</p>
<p>“Yes, but more like a mix of someone like Harrison and an Intisian or person from the North Continent,” Franca said thoughtfully.</p>
<p>Because Anthony was present, she didn’t mention the transmigration matter, instead steering towards Resurrection Island.</p>
<p>With a nod, Lumian replied, “Draw Howl Constantine’s portrait, and we’ll write to the Tarot Club Major Arcana card holders.”</p>
<p>“No need to ask Madam Judgment or Madam Magician yet; I’ll try with Magic Mirror Divination first,” Franca responded immediately.</p>
<p>She began preparing the ritual in the room, sketching Howl Constantine’s features from memory. This included an appearance similar to Resurrection Island residents, slightly pointed ears, dark blue near-black thick hair, and the tentacle-like dark veins on his hands when holding the obsidian trident.</p>
<p>Some details Franca hadn’t noticed during the fight were now retrieved from her memory through the ritual.</p>
<p>Lumian examined the portrait for a moment and said, “It does have an Eastern style.”</p>
<p>Franca nodded, then busied herself with the Magic Mirror Divination.</p>
<p>Soon, the mirror on the desk turned dark, with faint sounds of water echoing within.</p>
<p>Franca picked up the portrait of Admiral Deep Sea and asked the target of the Magic Mirror Divination, “What does this appearance signify?”</p>
<p>She didn’t directly ask about Howl Constantine’s origins, fearing it was beyond the Magic Mirror Divination’s knowledge.</p>
<p>A hoarse, elderly voice emerged from the mirror: “This is an elf.”</p>
<p><em>An elf?</em> Lumian’s temples throbbed.</p>
<p>This was a legendary Beyonder race!</p>
<p>Previously, Lumian had only known of elves as a mythical race from ancient times, living on the Sonia Sea’s Sonia Island. He learned they were powerful, with their king, Soniathrym, being one of the eight ancient gods, ruling the sky and sea.</p>
<p>In the real world, encountering a true elf since the Fifth Epoch was rare, only seeing occasional descendants with diluted bloodlines.</p>
<p>Franca was equally shocked, blurting out, “An elf, or a half-elf mixed with humans?”</p>
<p>“Half-elf,” the hoarse voice responded.</p>
<p><em>Though a half-elf, Howl Constantine’s features show a strong elven bloodline… In theory, the Sequence 5 Ocean Songster shouldn’t cause such changes… A half-elf? Could the elves be descendants of transmigrators, living and thriving in this world? Elf legends date back to the Second Epoch…</em> Franca thought deeply, almost forgetting to ask the third question.</p>
<p>Gathering her thoughts, she pondered for a few seconds and asked, “Is the Lost Newins an ancient elven relic?”</p>
<p>Though elves supposedly lived on Sonia Island in ancient times, they once ruled the seas, so leaving relics in other seas was plausible.</p>
<p>Yes, if Howl Constantine is a pure-blooded half-elf, it makes sense he wore a mask to disguise as a sea monster. The Church of the Lord of Storms supposedly hates pure-blooded elves…</p>
<p>The elderly voice in the mirror answered Franca’s third question, “I don’t know.”</p>
<p>“Alright…” Franca ended the Magic Mirror Divination and fell into a long silence.</p>
<p>She suddenly regretted using Admiral Deep Sea Howl Constantine merely to digest the Pleasure potion this time. Instead of training the team and exchanging fate, they should have gotten Lumian to strike fully with their support to see if they could capture the elf alive.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
