<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch797.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-791-capture" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 791: Capture</h2>
<p>After dinner, Franca and Jenna returned to 9 Rue Orosai’s Apartment 702.</p>
<p>“Finally, it worked.” Franca raised her hands and stretched lazily. “Next, should we find Palia the Mirror Person first, report to the Demoness of Black, or tell her tomorrow morning that I’ve become a Demoness of Affliction? She said that once I advanced to Affliction, she would share some secrets of the Demoness Sect with me.”</p>
<p>Franca was curious but also a bit fearful about knowing these secrets. Additionally, she felt that her progress in digesting the Pleasure potion was much faster than expected, which might arouse the Demoness of Pleasure’s suspicion. She didn’t want to report anything related to Admiral Deep Sea yet.</p>
<p>This involved the secret of the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society’s transmigration!</p>
<p>So far, Franca and Lumian had only mentioned Admiral Deep Sea’s suspected connection to elves to their respective Arcana cards and had yet to receive any response.</p>
<p>Jenna thought for a moment and then said, “Even if you don’t go to the Demoness of Black tomorrow, you should do it soon. The sooner we understand the Demoness Sect’s secrets, the better we can plan our actions and avoid potential pitfalls.”</p>
<p>Understanding Franca’s concerns, she added with a smile, “Just tell the Demoness of Black that Lumian has become a Reaper and he helped you digest the Pleasure potion.”</p>
<p>“Uh…” Franca was taken aback. “That’s true, but the way you put it doesn’t feel right…”</p>
<p>“That’s exactly the kind of misunderstanding we need,” Jenna replied with a soft smile.</p>
<p>She glanced out at the night sky and said, “Finding Palia should be enough with just you and Anthony. I want to visit Julien in Port LeSeur in the next few days. We haven’t seen each other for almost two months, and I want to gauge his intentions, see if he really plans to return to Trier.”</p>
<p>“Sure.” Franca understood Jenna’s concerns.</p>
<p>Jenna nodded. “I’ll go home tonight, pack some things for him, and try to leave tomorrow morning. The sooner I go, the sooner I can come back.”</p>
<p>There were plenty of steam locomotives and riverboats heading to Port LeSeur, so she didn’t worry about not getting a ticket on the spot.</p>
<p>After a brief conversation, Jenna packed her luggage, took her suitcase, and left the apartment.</p>
<p>She hadn’t followed Julien’s instructions to cancel the lease on the Rue Pasteur apartment while he was away for his exchange program in Port LeSeur, saving money. She still occasionally stayed there, as if she had never left.</p>
<p>Watching Jenna leave, Franca felt a pang of disappointment and muttered, “I was hoping we could celebrate tonight…”</p>
<p>She walked slowly back to her bedroom and saw that some of Jenna’s clothes and belongings had been taken away.</p>
<p>As she looked at the now tidier and cleaner bedroom, Franca seemed to understand something.</p>
<p>She fell silent.</p>
<p>She felt that the Affliction potion had been somewhat digested.</p>
<hr />
<p><em>Chug, chug, chug.</em></p>
<p>A cream-colored steam train with brass patterns sped along the tracks, heading towards the capital of Lenburg, Azshara, nestled among the mountains.</p>
<p>Lumian sat in a second-class carriage, looking around leisurely.</p>
<p>Without coordinates for Azshara and unwilling to go through the messenger hassle again, he chose to teleport back to the Riston Province, take a steam train to the border, and then smuggle himself across the mountains.</p>
<p>With pre-exchanged Lenburg currency, knowledge of black market traders, and intermediaries, Lumian easily obtained new identification and bought a ticket to Azshara.</p>
<p>Lenburg was a small country, so he would reach his destination by the evening.</p>
<p>As Lumian observed, he noticed that Lenburg residents favored light-colored clothes and brass accessories, each carrying a book to read quietly during the journey. Even those who conversed did so in hushed tones.</p>
<p>At stops, passengers were eager to help elderly people or those dressed as scholars, showing heartfelt respect.</p>
<p>No wonder this is the land of the God of Knowledge and Wisdom, Lumian silently mused.</p>
<p>Lenburg was a nation of single faith without a royal family, where the Church of Knowledge exerted strong control and influence over the country.</p>
<p>Perhaps sensing his gaze, the young man next to him, holding a book, glanced at Lumian’s “Lenburg Travel Guide” and asked with a low laugh, “Are you a foreigner?”</p>
<p>He spoke in Lenburg, then switched to Highlander, Loenese, Intisian, and Feysac.</p>
<p>Lumian was a bit surprised.</p>
<p>A typical Lenburg second-class passenger knew so many languages?</p>
<p>Moreover, it felt like the man was showing off.</p>
<p>“Yes, I’m from Intis, and I speak Lenburg,” Lumian replied cooperatively. “What’s your name? It’s impressive you know all the North Continent languages.”</p>
<p>The young man adjusted his light-framed glasses and smiled. “My name is Sallent, and I’m just a small company employee.</p>
<p>“Actually, once you learn one language from the North Continent, the others are easy. If you start with ancient Feysac, it’s even simpler. We Lenburgers begin learning ancient Feysac in our compulsory education.”</p>
<p>Sallent’s tone carried a hint of pride, almost looking down on other countries still plagued by illiteracy and people who didn’t know foreign languages.</p>
<p><em>In theory, yes, otherwise, I wouldn’t have mastered Highlander so quickly. My Dutanese is just barely passable…</em> Lumian didn’t mind Sallent’s slight arrogance.</p>
<p>The Lenburgers he met this morning all had a similar attitude.</p>
<p>Keeping his voice low, Lumian said with a smile, “You’re quite civilized, showing great respect for the elderly and scholars, and reading on the train instead of chatting or playing.”</p>
<p>Sallent replied with restrained pride, “In Lenburg, knowledge is the most precious, and scholars have more knowledge. Elders, throughout their lives, accumulate a lot of experiential knowledge.”</p>
<p>Sallent let out a self-deprecating laugh. “Reading is a habit from childhood and a necessity. You wouldn’t know that our lives are filled with exams and evaluations—in school, in companies, and even in church, where we take theological tests during grand masses to show our piety and respect for the God of Knowledge.”</p>
<p>Lumian suddenly felt this wasn’t necessarily a good thing.</p>
<p><em>No wonder Ludwig is reluctant to return to the Church of Knowledge…</em></p>
<p><em>But Aurore would love it here. She wouldn’t want to live here herself, but she’d certainly want to send me here to study…</em></p>
<p>Seeing the foreigner beside him fall silent, Sallent sighed and said, “That’s why I didn’t stay in Azshara after graduating. The pressure is overwhelming—qualification exams, annual competency reviews, monthly company evaluations, job training exams, and so on.”</p>
<p>Lumian couldn’t help but hiss internally.</p>
<p><em>So this is the daily life of Lenburgers, especially those in Azshara?</em></p>
<p><em>Ludwig’s vague descriptions didn’t prepare me for this. I thought only students had it hard…</em></p>
<p><em>Thank goodness Aurore took me in and not some Lenburger…</em></p>
<p>Talking about this made Sallent feel melancholic, prompting him to lower his head and return to his book.</p>
<p>Judging by the time, Lumian realized they were close to Azshara, so he started pondering the issue of the City of Exiles, Morora.</p>
<p>He hesitated and then asked Sallent, “Have you heard of a city called Morora?”</p>
<p>Sallent thought carefully and then replied, “No, neither in reality nor in any legends.”</p>
<p>Lumian gave a noncommittal grunt and turned his gaze back to the quickly receding mountain scenery outside, as if their conversation was just casual small talk.</p>
<p><em>If Madam Magician couldn’t find it, I probably can’t either, unless I kidnap a demigod of the Church of Knowledge…</em></p>
<p><em>Since the Church of Knowledge placed parts of the Abscessed Hand in Morora, can I use the connection between the body parts to find the city?</em></p>
<p><em>The Church of Knowledge expects and allows me to go to Morora, perhaps even hoping for it. Will they give me a hint?</em></p>
<hr />
<p>With these thoughts, Lumian grew more determined.</p>
<p>As dusk fell, the steam locomotive stopped at a platform paved with gray and white stone slabs.</p>
<p>Lumian, carrying a small suitcase, walked with Sallent through the station decorated with book sculptures and brass patterns.</p>
<p>The wind howled through the mountains, bringing cold but refreshing air.</p>
<p>As they approached the entrance of Azshara Steam Train Station, Lumian saw several clergy members from the Church of Knowledge in white robes trimmed with brass blocking the way, checking the documents of passengers.</p>
<p>“What’s going on?” Lumian asked.</p>
<p>Sallent glanced over and casually replied, “Routine exit checks, done alternately by the Church and the government.”</p>
<p>“I thought they might randomly stop people to test their knowledge,” Lumian joked.</p>
<p>Sallent turned his head sharply, eyes filled with fear, as if to say: <em>Are you a devil? Even the Church bishops wouldn’t think of that!</em></p>
<p>Lumian shrugged and stepped forward to have his documents checked by the clergy.</p>
<p>The elder leading the group scrutinized Lumian, glanced at his documents, then signaled to the others.</p>
<p>Lumian was quickly surrounded by the clergy, all poised for action.</p>
<p>The elder stared at him and said sternly, “We’ve found a wanted criminal. Take him away!”</p>
<p><em>Uh…</em> Lumian raised an eyebrow.</p>
<p>In a split second, he decided not to resist, extending his hands to let the clergy cuff him with silver handcuffs.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
