<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch807.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-801-pretending" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 801: Pretending</h2>
<p>Seeing Julie remain silent, the black-robed female enforcer led her team across the square, continuing their patrol of Morora.</p>
<p>Julie stood there, staring at her back, as if turned to stone.</p>
<p>Hidden in the shadows, Lumian watched silently, musing to himself, <em>An old lover?</em></p>
<p><em>That enforcer had a certain Demoness-like charm…</em></p>
<p><em>Was she the last Demoness to infiltrate Morora, Julie’s lover, but ultimately became an experimental subject and forgot her past?</em></p>
<p><em>Yes, the Knowledge Cathedral’s Heraberg mentioned that in Morora, the past isn’t important, only the present and future matter. Is this implying that after becoming an experimental subject or spending enough time here, ties to the past will gradually disappear, even memories can’t be retained?</em></p>
<p><em>This is somewhat like the people who disappeared in the Trier’s catacombs, who were forgotten by everyone who knew them, but the effect is opposite and not as strong…</em></p>
<p>Lumian felt he understood Julie’s emotions better now.</p>
<p><em>She might have willingly taken on the task of infiltrating Morora, hoping to find and rescue her lover, only to discover her lover had completely forgotten her, not betraying her but simply not remembering who she is…</em></p>
<p><em>Besides the two untainted Demonesses around me, there’s actually another who believes in true love… Julie must have another purpose in seeking Celeste, confirming her situation, obtaining untransmitted information, and perhaps items prepared for seizing 0-01…</em> Lumian seriously considered the feasibility of attacking the enforcers without facing punitive consequences.</p>
<p>After a while, Julie trudged back towards the Carnivore bar, her face plain and her expression sorrowful, like a white Jimsonweed swaying gently in the cold night wind.</p>
<p>Lumian stayed vigilant, following Julie until she reached the Carnivore bar before reappearing in his room using the shadows.</p>
<p>A while later, lying in bed listening to the wind, Lumian’s thoughts wandered aimlessly.</p>
<p>Suddenly, he opened his eyes, noticing a troubling detail.</p>
<p>Having become an experimental subject, Celeste’s reaction just now was wrong!</p>
<p>From previous tests, Lumian knew the enforcers strangely recognized every resident of Morora. Celeste should have asked “Who are you calling?” or “What do you want?” instead of “Who are you?”</p>
<p>Whether in a normal state or not, she most likely still recognized Julie but pretended not to.</p>
<p>Lumian sat up, narrowing his eyes.</p>
<p><em>Is Celeste not a complete experimental subject yet?</em></p>
<p><em>Is she pretending not to recognize Julie to protect her or to keep her secrets safe, ensuring the plan continues?</em></p>
<p><em>What is she using to maintain some clarity and self-awareness, not becoming a complete puppet-like experimental subject?</em></p>
<p><em>Is it something the Demoness Sect prepared based on previous infiltrators’ experiences, or has Celeste had some fortuitous encounter, discovering part of the secret?</em></p>
<p>Lumian decided it was necessary to “contact” Celeste.</p>
<p>Of course, he would first see if Celeste would secretly approach Julie.</p>
<hr />
<p>In Trier’s arts district, Franca waited outside an art gallery, as agreed, for the Demoness of Black.</p>
<p>Before long, a four-seater carriage pulled up, and Clarice, wearing a black hat and thin veil over a dark court dress, looked out from the window and nodded at her.</p>
<p>Franca opened the door, stepped lightly up, and sat opposite her.</p>
<p>As the carriage moved slowly through the bustling city, she smiled at the Demoness of Black.</p>
<p>“Madame, I’ve ascended to Affliction.”</p>
<p>“Faster than I expected,” Clarice said, her doubt evident.</p>
<p>Franca smiled slyly. “Because Ciel became a Reaper.”</p>
<p>“He’s Sequence 5 too? His advancement seems even quicker than yours…” Clarice slightly raised her head, her eyes seeming to shift. “After Gardner Martin’s death, he should have left the Iron and Blood Cross Order, right?”</p>
<p>Franca spoke the absolute truth.</p>
<p>“Yes, he used Gardner Martin’s Beyonder characteristics to concoct the potion, so he owes him for the quick advancement.”</p>
<p>The Demoness of Black smiled in understanding, her demeanor much warmer than usual.</p>
<p>“Even in death, Gardner Martin helps you.”</p>
<p><em>That was a hell of a joke…</em> Franca felt slightly awkward.</p>
<p>She quickly changed the subject.</p>
<p>“Madame, you said you’d tell me some secrets of the sect once I became a Demoness of Affliction.”</p>
<p>Clarice, with a slight smile behind her thin black veil, replied, “Yes, you’re now considered a core member of our sect. Hmm, where should I start…”</p>
<p>Seeing the Demoness of Black unconsciously reveal a hint of innocent girlishness, Franca couldn’t help but be momentarily moved, marveling at the high-level Demoness’s overwhelming charm.</p>
<p>After a few seconds, Clarice’s expression turned serious and a bit melancholic as she began, “I’ll start with the specifics of our sect.</p>
<p>“We originally were a family, all members descendants of the Primordial One, but since the Fifth Epoch, such an organizational structure couldn’t sustain our influence. We began to incorporate Beyonders of the Assassin pathway who also believed in the Primordial One as members.”</p>
<p>“Are you also a descendant of the Primordial One?” Franca, having learned this from the Tarot Club, still showed appropriate surprise and curiosity.</p>
<p>This was a performance learned from Jenna, honed with a Spectator’s feedback.</p>
<p>The Demoness of Black nodded slightly.</p>
<p>“My mother is a descendant of the Primordial One.”</p>
<p><em>Wait, according to our deductions, you should have Sauron and Tamara blood… Does this mean your mother was of Primordial One and Tamara bloodlines?</em> Franca hesitated, then pitifully asked, “Does that mean I can never join the brass in the sect? I’m not a descendant of the Primordial One…”</p>
<p>“It doesn’t matter. You can marry a descendant, and your spouse will count as a family member,” Clarice smiled again. “Moreover, in the future, you might truly become a child of the Primordial One. We are always getting closer to the Primordial One.”</p>
<p>“What do you mean?” Franca expressed her confusion.</p>
<p>She felt a sudden inexplicable fear.</p>
<p>“You’ll understand in time,” the Demoness of Black did not elaborate.</p>
<p><em>I hate people who speak unclearly…</em> Franca silently grumbled, waiting for the Demoness of Black to continue.</p>
<p>Clarice returned to the previous topic.</p>
<p>“After the Pale-White War, the Primordial One fell into slumber, occasionally waking. All sect affairs are handled by high-ranking Demonesses titled by color. Currently, there are thirteen, including myself, some of whom are Angels, others powerful Saints.”</p>
<p>“Is there a pope, a pontiff, or a matriarch?” Franca asked.</p>
<p>Clarice nodded.</p>
<p>“Yes, the Primordial One’s child, our Matriarch, the Demoness of Gray. She likes to be called the Saintess of Gray.”</p>
<p>“The Primordial One’s child… What is Her relation to Krismona? Browns told me Krismona is also a child of the Primordial One,” Franca openly expressed her curiosity.</p>
<p>The Demoness of Black replied emotionlessly, “They are twins, but our Matriarch was born as a male Sequence 9 and later became a Demoness.”</p>
<p><em>Twins… It seems the Demoness of Gray might know some secrets of the Krismona Night Pillar…</em> Franca felt a strange sense of history merging with reality.</p>
<p>The Demoness of Gray must have witnessed the Fourth Epoch.</p>
<p>Clarice continued, “Each high-ranking Demoness titled by color handles specific affairs, directly reporting to our Matriarch. They do not have clear subordination among themselves, and we sometimes receive revelations from the Primordial One, allowing us considerable autonomy.</p>
<p>“I came to Trier to manage sect members here, maintain contact with local collaborators, and clean up the Mirror People.”</p>
<p>Franca seized the opportunity to ask, “Is our approach to the Mirror People complete eradication? No intention to use them?”</p>
<p>The Demoness of Black smiled sadly. “How do you plan to use them?”</p>
<p><em>If I knew, why would I ask you?</em> Franca awkwardly smiled. “To help us control that special mirror world. I think it’s quite useful.”</p>
<p>The Demoness of Black glanced at Franca, her eyes shimmering, and laughed softly.</p>
<p>“Why do you think we haven’t mastered that special mirror world?”</p>
<p>“Uh…” Franca was genuinely confused.</p>
<p>It wasn’t an act.</p>
<p>The Demoness of Black resumed her melancholy, elegant demeanor, smiling faintly.</p>
<p>“All mirror worlds are under our Demoness control. That special mirror world was originally used to fight the Primordial One, but ultimately, the Primordial One took control of it.</p>
<p>“Of course, after the War of the Four Emperors, we lost partial control of that special mirror world. After the Pale-White War, we could only exert limited influence.”</p>
<p>“Why?” Franca felt there must be a significant secret.</p>
<p>The Demoness of Black smiled.</p>
<p>“Perhaps the Matriarch and other high-ranking Demonesses who survived the Fourth Epoch know, but not me.</p>
<p>“From the Mirror People’s state and their confessions, I guess the Primordial One’s projection in the mirror experienced some changes or, the Primordial One’s projection separated part of Her characteristics, affected by the Fourth Epoch Trier’s seal, unable to return, unable to reunite with the Primordial One.</p>
<p>“But this doesn’t explain why we lost further control after the Pale-White War. Fourth Epoch Trier’s seal hasn’t strengthened.</p>
<p>“Moreover, a true god is unique.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
