<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch800.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-794-the-price-of-meddling" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 794: The Price of Meddling</h2>
<p>Behind Lumian, Vijepan continued questioning Heraberg, the clergy of the Church of Knowledge, “In a legal duel, can I do anything to the other party without facing punishment?”</p>
<p>“Yes,” Heraberg confirmed.</p>
<p>Vijepan’s eyes lit up, feeling as if he had found paradise.</p>
<p>He excitedly swallowed.</p>
<p><em>Gulp…</em> He heard a similar sound next to him.</p>
<p>He turned his head and saw that the sound came from a woman with long brown hair, Julie.</p>
<p>The “collector” was also excited, while the human chef, Lez, licked his lips.</p>
<p>He was already hungry.</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t bother watching the other offenders’ performances. He left the library-like cathedral and surveyed the surroundings.</p>
<p>The buildings in this area were ancient, reminiscent of early Fifth Epoch styles with their heavy columns and arches, giving a sense of grandeur and simplicity.</p>
<p>Behind the cathedral was a seemingly endless graveyard. Tombstones stood amidst the trees, with many raised graves dotting the landscape.</p>
<p>This reminded Lumian of a line from the 0-01 sealing information: “Place it in an underground mausoleum with a large number of soldier mannequins. Construct a cemetery with more than a million corpses above it…”</p>
<p><em>Is the underground mausoleum sealing 0-01 right below?</em> Just as Lumian withdrew his gaze, the previously sunny sky darkened. Thick clouds gathered, and the sound of thunder rumbled.</p>
<p><em>The weather changes so quickly… No wonder the information mentioned Morora frequently experiences extreme weather…</em> Lumian sighed as he looked into the distance, seeing mountain ranges resembling giant beasts lying at the horizon, blocking anyone who might want to leave secretly.</p>
<p>Of course, this was just a metaphor, as the residents of Morora never thought of leaving the city.</p>
<p>Lumian felt a slight reluctance too.</p>
<p>The underground was calling to him.</p>
<p>“We need to find a place to settle down quickly, or we’ll get soaked,” Guei’s voice came from beside Lumian.</p>
<p>He had also left the cathedral, and as a local of Azshara, his words were quite formal.</p>
<p>“Yeah,” Lumian replied with a smile as he walked into the large square in front of the cathedral.</p>
<p>Guei followed, glancing back and saying in surprise, “There’s such a large graveyard here?”</p>
<p>“A graveyard with over a million, even tens of millions of corpses,” Lumian replied casually.</p>
<p>Guei nodded thoughtfully.</p>
<p>“History books record a large-scale grave relocation in the early Fifth Epoch in the Lenburg region to address the aftermath of the Pale Disaster. Was it moved here?”</p>
<p>“Perhaps,” Lumian said as they crossed the square. He quietly activated the black mark representing the Abscessed Hand, but did not actually use it.</p>
<p>He was sensing the approximate location of the other two parts of the Abscessed Hand.</p>
<p>To his surprise, he sensed more than two parts. Different directions within the City of Exiles had subtle responses.</p>
<p><em>Hand Bro’s body parts got dismembered?</em> Lumian silently muttered.</p>
<p>He chose the direction with the strongest response.</p>
<p>After walking about a street’s length, he heard the clashing of metal and saw two men fiercely fighting with sharp swords as a crowd watched.</p>
<p><em>Duels with fatalities happen daily…</em> Lumian reviewed the 0-01 sealing information. He didn’t hurry, deciding to watch for a while.</p>
<p>Guei did the same, seemingly assessing the strength of Morora’s residents.</p>
<p>The fight lasted two or three minutes, ending with a man in a black jacket being slashed across the chest and stomach, his intestines spilling out as he convulsed and died.</p>
<p>A team of men and women in black robes, their expressions indifferent, appeared, silently dragging the stripped corpse away and cleaning the blood from the street, like machines following a set procedure.</p>
<p>The onlookers dispersed. A small man in a brown-green cap, smiling kindly, walked past Lumian and Guei, glancing at them.</p>
<p>“New here?” the small man asked warmly.</p>
<p>“How can you tell?” Guei asked curiously.</p>
<p>The small man laughed.</p>
<p>“You still have that new look, not yet fully integrated into Morora!”</p>
<p>His voice suddenly turned sharp, as if possessed by something unknown.</p>
<p>Lumian watched the small man in silence, observing his changes.</p>
<p>The small man waved.</p>
<p>“Haha, I’m Worms. Let’s have a drink sometime.”</p>
<p>As Worms walked down another street, Guei suddenly spoke to Lumian, “Don’t you feel like you’re missing something?”</p>
<p>“I noticed,” Lumian replied nonchalantly. “He’s quick.”</p>
<p>He had only noticed his Traveler’s Bag was about to be taken when Worms withdrew his hand.</p>
<p>He must be a real Beyonder, a true Marauder. That sudden state change was likely a performance to distract attention.</p>
<p>“Why didn’t you expose him if you noticed? Afraid of retaliation?” Guei didn’t understand Lumian’s reaction.</p>
<p>“I wanted to see what he would do,” Lumian replied with a smile, hands in his pockets, slowly following the route Worms had taken.</p>
<p>Guei watched his back for a while, then decided to find a place to stay first.</p>
<hr />
<p>Once out of Lumian and Guei’s sight, Worms quickened his pace, darting through several alleys in a circuitous route.</p>
<p>After confirming he had shaken off any potential pursuers, he stopped in a secluded alley and took out a dark black coin pouch from inside his clothes.</p>
<p>It was Lumian’s Traveler’s Bag.</p>
<p>“Haha, these new fools are so careless. Let’s see what’s inside…” Worms reached into the Traveler’s Bag.</p>
<p>His expression changed slightly, filled with intense surprise.</p>
<p>He could “see” the pouch’s value, sensing many items with spirituality inside, but he hadn’t expected it to be a rare spatial item, holding what felt like a small room.</p>
<p><em>What a pleasant surprise…</em> Worms pulled out one of the items.</p>
<p>What greeted his eyes was a half-decomposed, dark blue swollen corpse, dripping yellowish-red pus.</p>
<p><em>Smack!</em></p>
<p>Worms recoiled, letting the half-corpse fall to the ground.</p>
<p><em>Wh—</em> His face turned horrified.</p>
<p><em>Who carries a half-decomposed corpse around?</em></p>
<p><em>And a highly decayed corpse at that!</em></p>
<p><em>Even in Morora, filled with countless murderers, this is the most twisted thing!</em></p>
<p><em>No wonder he was exiled here!</em></p>
<p>Steadying himself, Worms reached into the Traveler’s Bag again, pulling out a piece of smooth, white leather.</p>
<p>He couldn’t take his eyes off it, as if staring at the skin of a dream lover.</p>
<p>He quickly noticed some black words on the leather that he didn’t recognize.</p>
<p><em>Seems to be words that can trigger Beyonder powers. This leather must be very valuable. I should copy it and find someone to decipher it without arousing suspicion</em>, Worms thought in delight, caressing the leather, unwilling to let go.</p>
<p>Suddenly, he felt his throat itch.</p>
<p><em>Cough, cough, cough!</em></p>
<p>He started coughing, more and more violently.</p>
<p>Within seconds, he coughed so hard it felt like his heart would tear apart.</p>
<p><em>Pfft!</em></p>
<p>Worms spat out a mouthful of blood.</p>
<p>This isn’t right! How did I suddenly get so sick? Worms, vaguely understanding, threw the leather to the ground.</p>
<p>But his coughing continued, even more violently.</p>
<p>While coughing, he thought of a way to save himself:</p>
<p><em>That guy put such dangerous leather in his pocket, he must have prepared a cure…</em></p>
<p><em>Yes, there must be one!</em></p>
<p>Worms reached into the Traveler’s Bag again.</p>
<p>He first pulled out a gray-white lightning-shaped brooch.</p>
<p>A thick, silvery-white lightning bolt suddenly descended from the stacked clouds, striking him.</p>
<p><em>Boom!</em></p>
<p>The thunder echoed, and Worms fell, his body charred and twitching.</p>
<p>Already gravely ill, the lightning strike left him near death.</p>
<p><em>How… how could I suddenly be struck… by lightning… I, I…</em> Worms’s vision darkened, his confusion and regret lingering as he closed his eyes.</p>
<p>He soon stopped breathing.</p>
<p>About ten seconds later, Lumian turned into the alley, walked to Worms, looked down at his body, and shook his head with a smile.</p>
<p>“Rummaging through others’ belongings is very dangerous.”</p>
<p>After a pause, Lumian regrettably sighed.</p>
<p>“I wanted to follow you and get in touch with Morora’s Beyonders. You let me down.</p>
<p>“And you didn’t even get to the more dangerous items.”</p>
<p>As he spoke, Lumian picked up the Traveler’s Bag, placing the items back inside in their compressed form: the Fury of the Sea brooch, the Demoness of Despair human leather, and the half-corpse of the Abscessed Hand.</p>
<p>“I guess being a generous soul is all you can do,” Lumian muttered, extracting 537 sassen gold from Worms.</p>
<p>That was about 2863 verl d’or.</p>
<p>Pocketing the generous soul’s gift, Lumian waited for Worms’s Beyonder characteristics to manifest.</p>
<p>About two minutes later, a team of black-robed enforcers entered the alley. The leader looked at Lumian expressionlessly and said, “Did you kill him?”</p>
<p>“No, he was struck by lightning. Maybe he did too many bad things,” Lumian replied with a smile, explaining earnestly. “He was a thief and stole my stuff, so I chased him here.”</p>
<p>The enforcers stared at Lumian as if verifying his truthfulness.</p>
<p>After a moment, the leader nodded. “You may leave.”</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t move, smiling as he said, “His belongings should be mine, right?”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
