<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch809.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-803-transmitting-information" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 803: Transmitting Information</h2>
<p>Similar experiences were not new to Lumian; he had felt this way before.</p>
<p>Whenever Franca prayed to the Primordial Demoness figurine made of bone, Lumian would sometimes be nearby. Even through doors and walls, through the wall of spirituality, he couldn’t help but feel sensations.</p>
<p><em>Is Julie praying to the Primordial Demoness figurine?</em> Lumian, still with his eyes closed, made a guess about the current situation.</p>
<p>It wasn’t necessarily due to Julie’s extreme piety; it was a daily ritual for members of the Demoness Sect. Even a believer of Mr. Fool, like Franca, had to do it regularly.</p>
<p>Before long, the amorous energy in the air dissipated, and Lumian’s state returned to normal.</p>
<p>Suddenly, he remembered something: <em>Where did Julie get a Primordial Demoness figurine?</em></p>
<p>During the exile to Morora, Lumian noticed that neither Lez nor Julie seemed to carry personal belongings. This meant that, except for Lumian, who had special treatment and wasn’t searched, all other exiles were handled by the standard procedure.</p>
<p>So, Julie shouldn’t have a standard-issue figurine from the Demoness Sect. Even if she wanted to make one herself, she would need to buy materials and set up a ritual, and Lumian’s tracking today showed she hadn’t done any preparations.</p>
<p><em>So, where did her Primordial Demoness figurine come from? Or did she directly use the language that can invoke natural forces to recite the Primordial Demoness’s honorific name? But if that were the case, the influence of the power overflow on me would be too weak. Even if it was not as strong as the residual divine power Franca experienced, it shouldn’t be just a bit of restlessness…</em> Lumian became extremely alert.</p>
<p>He quickly had a hypothesis.</p>
<p><em>Celeste had visited!</em></p>
<p><em>It must have been this Demoness, who had become an experimental subject, who gave Julie the Primordial Demoness figurine or something similar!</em></p>
<p><em>Why didn’t I notice?</em></p>
<p><em>I was monitoring the room Julie was in all along…</em></p>
<p>With that thought, Lumian suddenly sat up and looked at the full-length mirror in his bedroom.</p>
<p><em>Yes!</em></p>
<p><em>Celeste must have come through the mirror world!</em></p>
<p><em>She must have communicated with Julie through the mirror, which is why I didn’t detect anything unusual until Julie started praying!</em></p>
<p><em>It’s normal for the Demoness Sect to have items like the Mirror Cufflink!</em></p>
<p>Silently, Lumian got out of bed and walked to the full-length mirror in his room.</p>
<p>He felt it was time to use the Mirror Cufflink.</p>
<p>He put on the glass-like cufflink and pressed his hand against the mirror surface.</p>
<p>The button-like accessory lit up with a faint glow, and Lumian’s figure immediately penetrated the mirror’s surface, entering the deep, dark mirror world.</p>
<p>Before the dark, web-like tunnels spread out before him, Lumian clearly sensed the three mirror imprints he had left in the outside world and the few he had set up in Julie’s and Lez’s rooms.</p>
<p>He didn’t rush to the mirror in Julie’s room. Instead, he took out an unfinished letter from the Traveler’s Bag.</p>
<p>It was a letter to Franca, Jenna, and Anthony.</p>
<p>Lumian then activated the black mark on his right shoulder, attempting to teleport to the full-length mirror in Franca and Jenna’s apartment.</p>
<p>It felt distant and had an invisible barrier. Even if he penetrated the barrier, there was a vast, silent void of darkness that Lumian instinctively believed contained indescribable danger and terror.</p>
<p><em>Does this represent that special mirror world?</em></p>
<p><em>To leave Morora and return to the outside world, I must pass through it?</em></p>
<p><em>Even Angels would find it dangerous…</em></p>
<p>With these thoughts, Lumian stretched out his right hand, holding the letter, using the already activated Mirror Cufflink to give the paper a reflective, glass-like hue, and sent it out.</p>
<p>The light stuck to the invisible barrier’s surface, slowly permeating it, falling into the dead silence, and heading toward the distant target mirror.</p>
<p><em>It works…</em> Lumian breathed a sigh of relief and used the contracted ability of Spirit World Traversal to shift to the mirror in Julie’s room.</p>
<p>The mirror was pitch black with no traces left.</p>
<p>Lumian sniffed slightly, catching a lingering scent.</p>
<p>It smelled like a human hormone, coupled with the influence of mystical power, faintly sweet, amorous, and warm.</p>
<p><em>Not Julie’s scent…</em> Lumian nodded slightly. <em>Celeste indeed visited.</em></p>
<p><em>Now the question was, did Celeste use an item to traverse the mirror world and reach Julie’s room, an item that escaped the Church of Knowledge’s search, or did she use the special connection of the mirror world to send it through a ritual?</em></p>
<p><em>Or, did she conduct a ritual to ask the Primordial Demoness for it? Or is she no longer the original Celeste but her corresponding special Mirror Person? This could explain why she retained some self-awareness after becoming an experimental subject, but it’s not the only explanation…</em> Lumian, an experienced handler of mystical events with much knowledge, naturally linked it to the special Mirror People.</p>
<p>He didn’t peek into Julie’s current situation through the mirror, fearing Celeste had given Julie some mirror-related items, making her more sensitive to the gaze from the mirror.</p>
<p>Moreover, Julie had just finished praying, and the Primordial Demoness figurine’s residual effects lingered. Lumian didn’t know if this would affect his spying.</p>
<p>Of course, he could roughly guess what Julie was doing.</p>
<p>Because he could hear Julie’s suppressed, soft moans through the mirror.</p>
<p><em>Lovers reunited, getting what they wanted, relaxing and celebrating. Yes, and the sensations brought by praying to the Primordial Demoness figurine. She hasn’t gone out to add to her collection, which is already quite restrained</em>. Lumian silently chuckled.</p>
<p>He teleported back to his bedroom mirror, stepped out of the glass surface, and lay back on the bed.</p>
<hr />
<p>Trier.</p>
<p><em>Lonely, empty, cold…</em> Franca, used to early to bed and early to rise, sighed, lying in bed, unable to sleep.</p>
<p>She felt she needed a few more days to adapt.</p>
<p>At this moment, she sensed something, sat up, walked out of the room, and went to the living room.</p>
<p>She looked at the full-length mirror in the living room and saw a water-like light wave on the glass surface, reflecting a neatly folded letter.</p>
<p>Is it from Lumian or the Demoness of Black? Franca walked over and pressed her hand against the mirror’s surface.</p>
<p>Her right hand felt slightly cold, as if penetrating a lake mixed with ice, touching the now ethereal, intangible paper.</p>
<p>The paper quickly “dispersed,” forming lines of Intisian words on the mirror surface: “I have arrived in Morora…”</p>
<p>Lumian briefly described his experiences and the results of the experiment but didn’t mention the specific situation in Morora.</p>
<p>It was a kind of corruption!</p>
<p>A corruption Franca and the others might not withstand!</p>
<p>At the end of the letter, Lumian reminded: “I’ve already told my messenger and Madame Hela that if anyone writes to me but can’t find me, they should send it to you to handle. Yes, I’m talking about you, Franca. Now you temporarily have a messenger.”</p>
<p>Dammit, he still has to mock me in the end! Franca cursed in a mix of anger and amusement, grinding her teeth.</p>
<p>She thought for a moment and began writing a reply:</p>
<p>“Nothing much to say, just a reminder: The Demoness of Black told me that Demonesses with color titles occasionally receive revelations from the Primordial One and have strong autonomy. If they are like this, won’t the Demonesses of Affliction sent to Morora for important tasks also receive revelations, or even some divine power from the figurine?</p>
<p>“You should take this issue seriously. Also, it’s time to test your Ascetic endurance. If you get bewitched and lose your manhood, even if it grows back every morning, I’ll laugh at you for the rest of your life.”</p>
<p>After finishing, Franca folded the paper and took out a rectangular amulet from the Traveler’s Bag that looked like it was made of ice.</p>
<p>The amulet was entirely transparent, with patterns and motifs like bubbles inside, flowing and gathering continuously.</p>
<p>It was the Ice Amulet given to Franca by the Demoness of Black, allowing seven traversals through the mirror world or fourteen transmissions of information.</p>
<p>Franca put on the amulet, held the letter, and returned to the full-length mirror.</p>
<p>With a flash of cold light, she pressed the letter into the mirror surface, letting it fall toward the place the previous message came from.</p>
<hr />
<p>Morora.</p>
<p>After reading the letter on the mirror’s surface, Lumian lay back on the bed again.</p>
<p>He anticipated possible surprises.</p>
<p>Like Wanak, the owner of Dades Agricultural Company, coming to kill him at night.</p>
<p>This most dangerous criminal in Morora should soon figure out who the exile he confronted in the afternoon was. He must already know that Lumian killed the Carnivore bar owner and took over the place.</p>
<p>Given his attitude, he couldn’t wait to kill Lumian on the spot. Now that he had identified his target and locked in his whereabouts, he would act quickly.</p>
<p>Lumian hadn’t slept all night, only pretending to, not just to monitor Julie but also for this reason.</p>
<p>Now, he hoped Wanak would come soon. Then, he would teleport away, leaving Julie, the Demoness, for Wanak, letting them have an intense duel. That way, he could see what cards Julie had, what items she got from Celeste, and whether Wanak could further use the power of 0-01.</p>
<p>To Lumian’s disappointment, Wanak didn’t show up all night.</p>
<p><em>Is there a need to be this cautious? Just come straight here…</em> Lumian muttered, getting out of bed and heading downstairs.</p>
<p>Chef Lez was already up, preparing breakfast with the kitchen ingredients.</p>
<p>“We can resume operations by noon today,” Lez said, glancing at Lumian. “But we don’t have any beef, lamb, or pork in stock.”</p>
<p>“I’ll give you some startup funds,” Lumian replied, just about to leave the kitchen when he suddenly heard Julie’s footsteps coming down the stairs.</p>
<p>An idea crossed his mind, and he casually said to Lez, “By the way, let me tell you about a few people you need to be cautious of. Whatever you do, don’t provoke them.</p>
<p>“First, there’s Wanak, the owner of Dades Agricultural Company…”</p>
<p>Lumian relayed all of Gusain’s warnings to Lez and then added, “And another one, named Albus Medici…”</p>
<p>As soon as he mentioned the name, Lumian heard Julie’s footsteps pause momentarily.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
