<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch806.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-800-new-waitress" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 800: New Waitress</h2>
<p>Lumian admitted that he felt a bit provoked.</p>
<p>However, it was still acceptable. If his guess was right, he and Albus would eventually cross paths again regarding 0-01. It was better for the Abscessed Hand’s head to be in Albus’s possession than lost or hidden by some unknown person.</p>
<p>Lumian now regretted not acting against Albus at the Carnivore Bar. He had hesitated and wanted to use him.</p>
<p>At that time, it was hard to predict that Albus had already obtained the Abscessed Hand’s head.</p>
<p>Silently, Lumian activated the black mark representing Spirit World Traversal, sensing the subtle connection between himself and the Abscessed Hand’s body parts again.</p>
<p>He intended to use this to find Albus.</p>
<p><em>The feedback is all similar, no way to distinguish which is stronger, which might be Hand Bro’s head… Did Albus do something to suppress the feedback? Or completely block it?</em> Lumian slowly exhaled, taking the Abscessed Hand’s ear from the black wooden box and placing it in his Traveler’s Bag.</p>
<p>He carefully examined the area around the grave, hoping to find clues to Albus’s whereabouts.</p>
<p>Unfortunately, Albus was also an experienced Hunter, very adept at covering his tracks.</p>
<p>Containing his emotions, Lumian turned back to the Carnivore Bar amidst the dust and clouds from the volcanic eruption.</p>
<p>As he stepped through the door, Lez, the human cook, who had found some wood to repair the shelves and bar counter, stopped working, hammer in hand, and turned to him.</p>
<p>“I hired a waitress.”</p>
<p>“You can decide on that yourself,” Lumian said, uninterested in the bar’s operation. He only cared about getting three meals and free lodging under the guise of being the boss.</p>
<p>Lez, ever diligent, added, “You know her. Julie, who came in with us.”</p>
<p><em>The “collector”?</em> Lumian almost choked on his own saliva.</p>
<p><em>Why would a man hire such a “collector” as a waitress?</em></p>
<p><em>Won’t he feel a chill down there?</em></p>
<p>Before Lumian could ask Lez’s reasoning, Julie descended from upstairs.</p>
<p>She had changed into a dark slit dress she found from somewhere, with her chest barely concealed under a thin veil.</p>
<p>Her previously dirty face was now clean, and her long brown hair was simply tied up, her features clear in Lumian’s eyes.</p>
<p>Despite having been around two Demonesses for a long time, Lumian found himself impressed.</p>
<p>This female convict didn’t look perverse or mad, with slender brown eyebrows and brown eyes that seemed to hold a gentle autumn water, her skin delicate and white, her demeanor gentle and elegant, contrasting sharply with her enticing figure.</p>
<p>She was a uniquely beautiful woman, exuding an allure beyond normal.</p>
<p><em>Like a Demoness…</em> Lumian had to admit Julie’s previous disguise with dirt and loose hair was quite effective.</p>
<p><em>Another case of the Law of Beyonder Characteristics Convergence…</em> Lumian sighed, responding to Julie’s tender, affectionate gaze,</p>
<p>“Why do you want to be a waitress at my bar?”</p>
<p>“I need a job to support myself,” Julie smiled gently, as if they were in some city instead of Morora.</p>
<p>Lumian suddenly changed the topic.</p>
<p>“Why do you like collecting that part of men?”</p>
<p>Julie’s gentle brown eyes suddenly showed an indescribable madness. She smiled and answered with a tone of longing, “I just want to reclaim what’s mine.”</p>
<p><em>Uh… another victim of the Demoness Sect? Now turned perpetrator… She must have transformed from a man to a woman like Franca, but unlike Franca, she had severe psychological issues, resulting in her abnormal hobby?</em> Lumian guessed while confirming that Julie was likely a Demoness, and not a low-level one, at least a Sequence 6 Demoness of Pleasure.</p>
<p>Lumian then murmured, <em>Your way of digesting Pleasure is to rape men and then cut it off at the climax to make them experience the fall from heaven to hell?</em></p>
<p><em>That fits the nature of a Demoness of Pleasure, but it’s too direct and brutal, lacking the beauty of self-struggle…</em></p>
<p><em>How did the Church of Knowledge send a Demoness here as an ordinary rapist-murderer?</em></p>
<p><em>Was it intentional?</em></p>
<p><em>Right, based on my current mysticism knowledge, each god’s pathway top has one to three great beings holding all the sequence powers, like Mr. Fool, The Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings, the Great Mother, and the Mother Tree of Desire…</em></p>
<p><em>From this perspective, the Primordial Demoness—being adjacent to the Hunter pathway—trying to scheme 0-01 is understandable, perhaps inevitable. According to Madam Magician, 0-01 is the key to ascending to Red Priest and becoming the true god of the Hunter pathway…</em></p>
<p><em>In this case, once the Demoness Sect discovers Morora, they will definitely send witches below the demigod level to infiltrate here…</em></p>
<p><em>Why didn’t they send anyone before, waiting until Julie and I were exiled together?</em></p>
<p><em>Perhaps the Primordial Demoness’s revelation told them only by following me could they enter Morora, given I was specially sent by the Church of Knowledge without any checks?</em></p>
<p><em>No, more likely, Julie isn’t the first or even the second Demoness to infiltrate Morora. The previous ones didn’t complete their mission and gradually lost contact with the Demoness Sect…</em></p>
<p><em>If that’s true, the Demonesses controlling the mirror world have it easier than me using the Mirror Cufflink and Mirror Mark to connect with the outside. Julie must have a lot of accumulated intelligence and plans…</em></p>
<p><em>From her, I might find opportunities and ways to approach 0-01 and leave a mark…</em></p>
<p>With these thoughts, Lumian smiled at Julie, who still had a hint of madness in her eyes, “I don’t care what you want to reclaim or why, but since you chose to be my bar’s waitress, you must follow my rules. First, no harassing customers during business hours.”</p>
<p>Julie looked a bit aggrieved but her eyes shone brightly, full of anticipation.</p>
<p>“What if they harass me?”</p>
<p>“Lez will throw them out. If they dare fight back, Lez knows how to cook them and will leave you the parts you want,” Lumian said casually. “Or you can wait until the bar closes and find them yourself.”</p>
<p>Julie licked her lips. “What’s the second rule?”</p>
<p>“No harassing the boss.” Lumian headed for the stairs to the second floor. “Lez will discuss your pay.”</p>
<p>Julie seemed slightly disappointed. “I wanted to see if what I lost is with you.”</p>
<p>Before Lumian could respond, she asked again, “Is it harassment if I invite you to view my collection?”</p>
<p>“Not interested,” Lumian replied curtly.</p>
<p>He confirmed Julie’s crimes weren’t intentional to get exiled to Morora.</p>
<p>She had a genuine hobby, looking gentle and beautiful but twisted and mad inside.</p>
<p>After dark, Julie finished Lez’s meticulously prepared dinner and praised it, “I’ve decided to seduce you last.”</p>
<p>Her seduction was lethal.</p>
<p>Lez seemed a bit disappointed but sincerely asked, “If you’re ever killed, can I have your body?”</p>
<p>“Sure,” Julie agreed nonchalantly, her movements graceful and smile reserved.</p>
<p>She then looked at Lumian, blinking. “Boss, the bar hasn’t reopened. Can I go out tonight?”</p>
<p>“That’s your freedom.” Lumian drank some wheat ale to suppress the sudden restlessness inside him.</p>
<p>He was now sure Julie was a Demoness of Affliction, having just used Charm on him.</p>
<p>If she approached again, he planned to Cull her without mercy.</p>
<p>Only by intimidating this Demoness of Affliction with strength and ferocity could he keep her in check.</p>
<p>Julie wiped her mouth with a white napkin, stood up, and left the Carnivore Bar.</p>
<p>After a few seconds, Lumian vanished from the table.</p>
<p>He first teleported then turned into a shadow creature, silently following Julie.</p>
<p>Julie walked elegantly, approaching a square where exiles gathered, feigning drunkenness.</p>
<p>The exiles couldn’t take their eyes off this Demoness. A muscular man eagerly approached and chatted with Julie.</p>
<p>Julie drunkenly waggled her finger.</p>
<p>“I want to duel you.”</p>
<p>“Sure,” the man said joyfully, helping Julie leave for his home.</p>
<p>The other exiles didn’t react in time, losing sight of the two.</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t lose track, hiding outside the man’s window.</p>
<p>He heard Julie’s kitten-like moans, unlike the rough madness he imagined.</p>
<p>With an Ascetic’s endurance, Lumian showed no abnormality until the man shouted loudly, nearing climax.</p>
<p>The next second, a piercing scream of intense pain erupted from the room.</p>
<p>Soon, Julie emerged, face flushed, eyes bright, her beauty overwhelming.</p>
<p>She held a bloody object, freezing it in crystal-clear ice, placing it in a small bag.</p>
<p>Lumian continued following Julie, who didn’t attempt any counter-surveillance, arriving at the large square outside the Knowledge Cathedral.</p>
<p>She seemed to be waiting for something.</p>
<p>After a while, a team of black-robed enforcers emerged from the church, led by a tall, fair-skinned, restrained, beautiful woman.</p>
<p>Julie’s eyes lit up, her face glowing with joy.</p>
<p>She approached the enforcers excitedly, shouting at the leader, “Celeste!</p>
<p>The tall woman in the black robe glanced at Julie indifferently, asking emotionlessly, “Who are you?”</p>
<p>Julie’s expression froze.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
