<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch829.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-823-advice" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 823: Advice</h2>
<p><em>If the Mirror People have infiltrated Morora, what would they do?</em> Lumian pondered for a while, placed the book back in the Traveler’s Bag, and stepped down the stairs to the hall.</p>
<p>It was dinner time, and the bar was bustling. Julie flitted between tables like a butterfly, serving drinks and meals to the customers.</p>
<p>The patrons were well-behaved; no one tried to act inappropriately by grabbing Julie’s ass or touching her chest.</p>
<p>They weren’t being moral or civilized. None of them had clean hands; those who entered Morora were all hardened criminals. Their compliance was because someone had made a fatal mistake not long ago:</p>
<p>Julie had been unstable lately, often in a daze. Unlike her usual self, she couldn’t always gracefully avoid wandering hands and arms amidst the laughter and noise. One evening, someone found an opportunity to give her a hard pinch in the ass.</p>
<p>Julie’s suppressed fury and rage exploded instantly.</p>
<p>If Lumian hadn’t intervened in time, reminding her it wasn’t a legal duel, that drunkard would have ended up in the kitchen missing a vital part of his anatomy.</p>
<p>In the end, since the drunkard refused Julie’s duel challenge, after much “negotiation,” he “voluntarily” chopped off his hand as an apology. Otherwise, he might have lost control and attacked the repugnant bar owner, forcing him into self-defense.</p>
<p>Lumian glanced at Julie, whose face was devoid of smiles, and walked into the kitchen, where Lez was finally taking a break, enjoying his dinner.</p>
<p>He picked up a caramelized finger, put it in his mouth, and chewed noisily.</p>
<p>Lumian sighed quietly and said, “I need to step out for a bit. Keep an eye on Julie.”</p>
<p>“No problem,” Lez replied, pointing to the plate of now-missing fingers. “Boss, want some? I’ve found a new cooking method—first deep-fry, then steam in a seasoned broth for twenty minutes.”</p>
<p>“No, thanks.” Lumian turned and left the Carnivore bar, walking through the dark, unlit streets to the Knowledge Cathedral.</p>
<p>He found a corner where he could see the graveyard and the entrance to the underground mausoleum through a window. Pulling over a wooden chair, he sighed and patted the backrest.</p>
<p><em>The Church of Knowledge is getting more considerate…</em></p>
<p>There hadn’t been chairs by the brass bookshelves before.</p>
<p><em>Too bad there’s nowhere to rest my feet.</em> Lumian sat down, gazing at the graveyard through the stained glass, using the crimson moonlight to observe the entrance to the underground mausoleum.</p>
<p>According to his information, Celeste, who had been on duty in the underground mausoleum for two days, would return to the surface at nine tonight.</p>
<p>Lumian’s goal was to make others believe he was at the Knowledge Cathedral to study while actually observing the mausoleum’s entrance and the experimental subjects’ activities.</p>
<p>His true purpose was simple: to mask his love of studying with the guise of observing the mausoleum and experimental subjects.</p>
<p>With this excuse, he wouldn’t have to waste time idling around the bar, drinking and boasting. He could finish the remaining books sooner.</p>
<p>By the cathedral’s bright candlelight, Lumian read for a while, then forced himself to lift his head and observe the mausoleum’s entrance for a couple of minutes.</p>
<p>After repeating this several times, he suddenly thought of his sister.</p>
<p>Back then, Aurore always urged him to study but would occasionally drag him from his desk, forcing him to look at the trees outside the window and the distant mountain pastures.</p>
<p>Now, he had to rely on himself.</p>
<p>Time passed, and the cathedral’s clock chimed loudly.</p>
<p>A group of black-robed enforcers left the Knowledge Cathedral, crossed the graveyard, and reached the mausoleum’s entrance.</p>
<p>Soon, the previous group of enforcers emerged from the gray-white stone steps leading to the mausoleum, moving in an orderly fashion.</p>
<p>With his Hunter’s vision and the crimson moonlight, Lumian saw that the leader was Celeste, wearing a black robe and a blindfold.</p>
<p>The Demoness emerged from the entrance area slowly and expressionlessly, removing her blindfold.</p>
<p>The line behind her was long, each person carrying a lantern.</p>
<p>At that moment, Lumian felt a sudden, eerie sensation as if the deep darkness at the mausoleum’s entrance had come to life.</p>
<p>The darkness instantly swallowed the last experimental subject in line.</p>
<p>Lumian blinked, seeing no movement in the darkness. The anomaly seemed like an illusion.</p>
<p>Frowning slightly, he counted Celeste’s team members again.</p>
<p>Quickly, he concluded, <em>One person is missing… and one lantern…</em></p>
<p>Lumian watched Celeste’s team until they returned to the Knowledge Cathedral.</p>
<p>Near the stairs, Celeste turned her head slightly, glancing in Lumian’s direction.</p>
<p>Lumian crossed his right leg over his left knee, leaning back in the chair, calmly meeting her gaze.</p>
<p>He felt Celeste had likely noticed his observation.</p>
<p>This meant she probably still retained some self-awareness.</p>
<p><em>Phew, no need to worry about Julie losing control for now…</em> Lumian sighed quietly, watching Celeste and the enforcers disappear at the stairwell.</p>
<p>He had been worried that Celeste’s issues might trigger Julie to lose control before they were fully prepared.</p>
<p>That would interfere with his studying!</p>
<p>Reading for a while longer, Lumian noticed Morora’s Archbishop Heraberg patrolling the brass bookshelves.</p>
<p>Thinking for a few seconds, he spoke as Heraberg neared, “Your Grace, I have a question.”</p>
<p>Dressed in a plain white robe with brass threads, Heraberg smiled kindly. “Ask away.”</p>
<p>Holding his book, Lumian sincerely asked, “The mausoleum’s taboos seem to target the living. What if an undead or an immortal creature enters?”</p>
<p>Heraberg gave Lumian a deep look and smiled. “The dead should remain in eternal slumber. What do you think?”</p>
<p><em>Meaning, an undead would fall into eternal sleep upon entering the mausoleum? As expected, 0-01 has death and darkness characteristics… So, I can’t exploit any loophole with the Eggers family’s golden mask…</em> Lumian sighed regretfully. “I think so too.”</p>
<p>Heraberg, with his white hair and beard, spoke like a teacher. “While studying, remember to take care of your health and stay mentally sharp. Don’t stay up late reading. Maintain your usual pace.”</p>
<p><em>Wh— Is he worried I’ll degrade and succumb to the books’ inherent corruption? Need to control the corruption rate?</em> Lumian pondered, then stood up and responded, “Yes, Your Grace.”</p>
<p>He immediately tucked the book into his Traveler’s Bag and left the cathedral under Heraberg’s approving gaze.</p>
<p>Crossing the square outside, Lumian saw Julie stepping lightly out the cathedral’s side door, looking relaxed.</p>
<p><em>Here to check the situation first, huh…</em> Lumian watched her disappear into another alley, heading back to the Carnivore bar.</p>
<p>Approaching the bar, he heard a pained, agonized scream not far away.</p>
<p><em>Julie’s doing?</em> Lumian chuckled to himself. <em>Feeling bad, cut a finger. Feeling good, cut another. Can’t she find another hobby?</em></p>
<p>Luckily, there were enough exiles in Morora.</p>
<p>Still, Lumian knew their presence had tripled the daily death toll since they arrived.</p>
<p>They couldn’t stay long, or the exiles’ replenishment wouldn’t keep up, and Morora would face a shortage crisis.</p>
<p>The bar was closed. Lumian went behind the counter, poured himself a glass of liquor, and sipped it slowly, as if waiting for something.</p>
<p>After a while, Julie appeared at the door in a shirt and skirt, her cheeks still flushed. She glanced at Lumian and smiled. “Boss, were you waiting for me?”</p>
<p>She played with a frosty, bloody object in her hand.</p>
<p>Lumian took a sip of Lanti Proof and asked, “Do you know my name?”</p>
<p>Julie approached the counter, shook her head, and smiled. “I only know you’re my boss.”</p>
<p>“Celeste, as an enforcer, should know the names of every Morora resident,” Lumian said directly.</p>
<p>Julie’s expression changed slightly, then she sighed and smiled. “But she said Louis must be a fake name.”</p>
<p>“I don’t believe you didn’t ask someone on the outside to investigate my real identity,” Lumian said, leaning on the counter and sipping his drink.</p>
<p>Julie pouted, not answering directly, only saying, “It doesn’t matter.”</p>
<p>“True.” Lumian nodded with a smile. “I caught a Mirror Person from Underground Trier who told me his companions went to Lenburg to find Morora. Now, new intel suggests they might be here.”</p>
<p>Julie’s smile faded, replaced by a serious look.</p>
<p>Lumian finished his Lanti Proof, set the glass down, and headed upstairs.</p>
<p>Julie sat in silence for a while, then left the Carnivore bar.</p>
<p>In an empty house in Morora.</p>
<p>The Demoness put on a gold ring set with blue gems and sat before a half-length mirror.</p>
<p>The reflection wavered slightly, showing some changes.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
