<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch830.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-824-nightmare-changes" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 824: Nightmare Changes</h2>
<p>Julie watched her reflection in the mirror gradually become bloodstained, her expression turning cold and her eyes filling with malice.</p>
<p>She wasn’t surprised. Instead, she smirked with a hint of sarcasm.</p>
<p>The reflection became agitated, clawing at the glass as if trying to scratch out an escape.</p>
<p>Her face twisted quickly, and the malice in her eyes seemed almost tangible.</p>
<p>Before long, another figure appeared behind her—a man with short brown hair, bearing a strong resemblance to Julie, also covered in blood and exuding a sinister aura.</p>
<p>Julie rubbed the blue gem-encrusted gold ring on her thumb, watching as the female and male versions of herself shrank and faded, revealing their current surroundings.</p>
<p>It was a dark, almost lightless world.</p>
<p>Beyond this world, countless points of light representing different mirrors dotted the surroundings. Most were affected by Morora’s seal, appearing hazy and unreachable.</p>
<p>Julie’s gaze swept across the few clearer points of light, her intuition as a Demoness guiding her to one particular mirror.</p>
<p>Inside that mirror, a shadowy figure appeared.</p>
<p>Sensing Julie’s gaze, the figure recoiled and left the mirror.</p>
<p>Julie immediately reached into the mirror, pulling herself through it.</p>
<p>Ignoring the curses and anger from her two reflections, she directly transported to the mirror that had shown the shadow.</p>
<p>She emerged from a small mirror into a long-abandoned room, the traces of occupancy wiped clean.</p>
<p>Julie turned to the window beside the mirror, observing the outside environment.</p>
<p>She saw a graveyard bathed in crimson moonlight, a cathedral-like library, and the clearly visible entrance to the underground mausoleum.</p>
<p>After a brief silence, Julie muttered to herself, “The Mirror People have indeed infiltrated…”</p>
<hr />
<p>Upstairs in the Carnivore Bar,</p>
<p>Lumian reclined in his chair, feet propped up, engrossed in his book.</p>
<p>There was still time to study!</p>
<p>He had told Julie about the Mirror People to leverage the Demoness Sect’s power to confirm and search for them. As a Hunter, he couldn’t utilize the mirror world on his own, and the Mirror Cufflink could only be used twice more.</p>
<p>Remembering Archbishop Heraberg’s advice to not overextend himself, Lumian decided to end his studies early and get some extra sleep tonight. Just as he was about to close his book, someone knocked on his door.</p>
<p>It was Julie.</p>
<p>She nodded slightly at Lumian, saying, “I found a Mirror Person spying on the mausoleum but couldn’t catch them.”</p>
<p>“Only one?” Lumian asked for confirmation.</p>
<p>Julie tersely acknowledged his words. “Only one.”</p>
<p>She turned and headed to her room.</p>
<p>Lumian chuckled and said, “Not only did you not catch them, but you didn’t even see what they looked like?”</p>
<p>His voice was low, almost to himself, but loud enough for Julie to hear.</p>
<p>Julie turned around and sneered. “At least I found traces of the Mirror People. Better than someone who needs me to confirm it.”</p>
<p>Lumian pretended to be stung, retorting, “I was just letting you fulfill your pitiful, insignificant purpose.”</p>
<p>Julie ignored him and went into her room.</p>
<p>Lumian smirked to himself and closed the wooden door.</p>
<p>Now, Julie should be less wary about him being capable of using the mirror world, right?</p>
<hr />
<p>In a daze, Lumian saw a blood-stained land, collapsed grand structures, and towering iron-black pillars, many of which were broken.</p>
<p>Driven by instinct, he walked forward, passing through burning palaces, torrential rain, and a forest of lightning striking the ground.</p>
<p>He stopped before a corpse.</p>
<p>The body was charred black, the face flayed to reveal a scorched skull.</p>
<p>Behind it lay a mountain of bodies and bones, piled hundreds of meters high.</p>
<p>Lumian’s gaze followed the corpses upward, sometimes meeting their eye sockets, which burned with pale or dark red flames.</p>
<p>Finally, he was about to see the top of the “mountain.”</p>
<p>Suddenly, intense fear and a compulsion to stop thinking and follow orders overwhelmed him.</p>
<p>He jerked awake, gasping for breath.</p>
<p><em>Another nightmare…</em></p>
<p><em>The nightmares are becoming clearer and more frequent…</em></p>
<p>Lumian glanced towards the ground, instinctively reaching out as if to touch something.</p>
<p>He grasped only air.</p>
<p>Quickly calming himself, he murmured, <em>At this rate, when I finish reading the remaining books, these nightmares caused by the corruption might transform drastically…</em></p>
<p><em>What will that bring?</em></p>
<p><em>If the nightmares get clearer and the feeling stronger, I might lose control in my sleep. Then Albus, Julie, and Wanak would have the chance to challenge an Angel. No, the Church of Knowledge would eliminate the problem first. Having sealed Ludwig, they wouldn’t hesitate to seal another…</em></p>
<p>Lumian rubbed his temples, agreeing more with Archbishop Heraberg’s advice:</p>
<p><em>Don’t rush; maintain physical health and mental clarity!</em></p>
<p><em>Even if corrupted, proceed gradually!</em></p>
<p>Sighing, Lumian believed that in five or six days, when he finished the borrowed books, the situation would change significantly in his favor.</p>
<p><em>But can the situation remain stable until I finish studying?</em></p>
<p><em>Since the last injury, Albus hasn’t appeared for days, secretly plotting…</em></p>
<p><em>Wanak regained control of Dades Agricultural Company but no longer has fixed offices or residences…</em></p>
<p><em>Celeste’s duty in the mausoleum is both a risk and an opportunity. She might have advanced the Demoness Sect’s plans, and Julie’s opportunity could be coming soon…</em></p>
<p><em>Will they let me study until I finish the books?</em></p>
<p><em>Probably not…</em></p>
<p>Lumian mused that Albus, Wanak, or the Demoness Sect would likely make a big move involving the mausoleum soon.</p>
<p>They might not know the importance of studying or that Lumian was diligently studying, but they must sense that delaying further would worsen their situation!</p>
<p>Never underestimate the intuition of Demonesses or the instincts of those backing Albus and Wanak!</p>
<hr />
<p>Trier, Quartier de la Cathédrale Commémorative, Apartment 702, 9 Rue Orosai.</p>
<p>Franca was smug about successfully planning and executing an ambush on a powerful Mirror Person.</p>
<p>This felt more rewarding than leading a team raid in her pre-transmigration games.</p>
<p>She pointed to the cash and scrolls on the coffee table, saying, “Let’s split the spoils. You two go first.”</p>
<p>Using Magic Mirror divination, the two Demonesses had identified the effects and incantations for the scrolls.</p>
<p>There was a Sun scroll, a Healing scroll, and one each of Lightning, Burning, Flash, Wind, Freezing, Paralysis, and Secret Voice.</p>
<p>Anthony gestured for Jenna to pick first.</p>
<p>Jenna, not wasting time with politeness, took the Sun, Lightning, and Flash scrolls after a few seconds of thought.</p>
<p>Anthony chose Healing, Paralysis, and Freezing, leaving 460 verl d’or and the remaining three scrolls for Franca.</p>
<p>Franca picked up the Secret Voice scroll, smiling. “This is perfect for coordinating operations. Surprised you didn’t want it.”</p>
<p>The Secret Voice scroll created a secret channel linking three to five people within fifty meters, allowing them to communicate without being overheard or blocked by obstacles.</p>
<p><em>You could leave it for Lumian…</em> Jenna thought but didn’t say, not wanting to dampen Franca’s spirits.</p>
<p>As they chatted, a messenger from Madam Judgment delivered a reply: “The Moses Ascetic Order will handle the abnormality in Kmerolo. You don’t need to follow up.”</p>
<hr />
<p>In Trier, in a room with overturned furniture and papers scattered everywhere.</p>
<p>The Hermit, a Major Arcana card from the Tarot Club whom Franca and her team had met before, stood before a wall covered in meaningless lines. She wore black-framed glasses and a deep black robe adorned with eye-shaped purple patterns, examining faint traces of dried blackened blood, tears, and saliva.</p>
<p>A nearly transparent, eyelash-less, and indifferent eye hovered before her, silently observing. Its gaze seemed to contain countless stars and various scenes.</p>
<p>After a while, The Hermit ignored the blackened blood, taking a small amount of the powder stained with tears and saliva.</p>
<p>A dreamlike pumpkin carriage appeared before her, altering her appearance, aura, and physique.</p>
<p>The Hermit calmly sat in the carriage.</p>
<p>A group of mice pulled the pumpkin carriage into a tunnel outside the Trier catacombs.</p>
<p>Still seated in the pumpkin carriage, The Hermit conjured a vibrant, slightly unreal ball of yarn.</p>
<p>She infused the powder from before into the yarn and threw it into the tunnel’s depths, leaving a bright thread on the ground, pointing the way forward.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
