<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch843.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-837-each-with-their-own-schemes" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 837: Each With Their Own Schemes</h2>
<p>Lumian did not directly teleport behind Albus Medici, nor did he approach the fragmented corpse of the monster Guei. Instead, his figure quickly materialized at the edge of the peak area.</p>
<p>Earlier, while observing the battle from the mountain’s base, he had already stopped the knowledge recitation from the brass talisman made by Archbishop Heraberg and removed the corresponding earplugs, placing them in the Traveler’s Bag. This was out of concern that the upcoming intense battle might cause devastating damage to them.</p>
<p>Similarly, he wore the Mirror Cufflink on his cuff, preparing to use it.</p>
<p>As soon as Lumian appeared at the mountain peak, he saw the pus flowing from Guei’s corpse fragments seep into the bodies and bones forming the ground, igniting nearly invisible and colorless flames.</p>
<p>Those flames instantly engulfed Guei’s dismembered body, burning it to ashes, giving no chance for it to writhe and grow.</p>
<p>At the same time, Lumian noticed that the almost invisible remnant flames that had existed at the peak had mostly extinguished, with the remaining ones about to burn out completely.</p>
<p>He had also noticed earlier from the mountain base that the scattered remnant flames on the wasteland were successively extinguishing.</p>
<p>Of course, this did not affect the illumination of the corpse mountain and its surrounding areas. Light came from the purple fiery glow seeping through the massive vortex high in the sky, from the corpses, bones, and different parts of the wasteland ignited during the battle between Albus Medici, Celeste, and the monster Guei, and from the charred banner that was shaking and vibrating with increasing frequency.</p>
<p><em>The original remnant flames are extinguishing? Were they not always present, but rather created by 0-01 in response to the appearance of Hand Bro, a being with godhood?</em> As this thought struck Lumian, he gripped the ordinary straight sword resembling the Sword of Courage with both hands and ran towards Albus Medici, who was about a dozen meters away.</p>
<p>With a whoosh, the straight sword burst into blazing-white flames.</p>
<p>Albus, with his brow mark vivid and seemingly about to drip, bent down, letting his hands touch the corpses and bones forming the mountain.</p>
<p>The flesh of some corpses suddenly melted, becoming viscous, while bones rapidly gathered.</p>
<p>Albus then straightened up, forcibly pulling from the corpse-and-bone ground a huge white sword temporarily formed from countless spines and neck bones, with melted viscous flesh entwined around it, bringing a bloody and bizarre appearance.</p>
<p>Albus dragged this bizarrely shaped, horrifying giant sword to meet Lumian.</p>
<p><em>Crack!</em> The giant sword of bones protruding through waxy flesh split Lumian’s blazing white flame sword in two with a single strike.</p>
<p>Lumian’s figure vanished, rapidly reappearing behind Albus.</p>
<p>He swiftly drew another iron-black straight sword resembling the Sword of Courage from the Traveler’s Bag and struck heavily at the neck of this Medici family member before him.</p>
<p>Albus swiftly turned, swinging his monstrous giant sword horizontally, once again shattering Lumian’s weapon.</p>
<p>Lumian teleported once more, again flashing behind his enemy.</p>
<p>But as soon as his figure began to materialize, sharp icy spears condensed in mid-air, raining down like a storm.</p>
<p>Celeste, who had concealed herself and circled to an unknown location, launched an area attack targeting both Albus and Lumian.</p>
<p>Lumian then saw dense fog.</p>
<p>It surged out from around Albus, instantly enveloping the area, reducing visibility to ten meters and preventing Lumian from sensing spirit world coordinates beyond the fog, making it difficult to directly teleport out.</p>
<p>Fog of War!</p>
<p>Immediately after, Albus, now out of Lumian and Celeste’s sight, pressed a layered, compressed, yet still massive blue fireball towards the ground of the corpse mountain.</p>
<p><em>Boom!</em></p>
<p>A terrifying explosion that temporarily deafened swept across the area, dispersing the dense Fog of War, vaporizing the falling icy spears, destroying part of the corpses and bones, and igniting others.</p>
<p>Almost simultaneously, Lumian’s figure was reflected in the black breastplate of a corpse on the wasteland.</p>
<p>Earlier, when his teleportation was restricted, he had immediately taken out a mirror from the Traveler’s Bag and activated the Mirror Cufflink on his left cuff.</p>
<p>Using this Beyonder item, Lumian had entered the mirror world just before Albus created the indiscriminate explosion and the dense icy spears fell, escaping from the peak of the corpse mountain.</p>
<p>This was similar to his choice when escaping from Albus and Gusain’s encirclement in that underground cavern filled with the fog of war.</p>
<p>Lumian jumped out of the smooth black metal breastplate, and the glass-like ornament on his cuff instantly turned grayish-white, crumbling into dust that scattered to the ground.</p>
<p>The Mirror Cufflink had been used for the last time.</p>
<p>At the peak of the corpse mountain, Albus had already turned and was rushing towards the increasingly violently shaking 0-01.</p>
<p>At this point, Julie’s pool of filthy blood was only about a meter away from the surface of the charred banner.</p>
<p>Since Albus’s battle with the monster Guei began, the blood no longer felt as if it was being held up by an invisible hand and continued to fall, albeit at an increasingly slower pace.</p>
<p>Seeing 0-01 within reach, a mirror of ice and snow, two to three people tall, suddenly rose in front of Albus.</p>
<p>The mirror instantly reflected Albus’s figure.</p>
<p>Similar ice mirrors abruptly appeared to Albus’s sides and behind him, reflecting different angles of this Red Angel descendant.</p>
<p>As these giant ice mirrors formed, thick, snake-like strands of blackened hair emerged from the edge of the mountain, carrying the quiet and eerie Demoness’s black flames, rapidly extending towards those mirrors.</p>
<p>Celeste intended to curse Albus with this!</p>
<p>Albus swiftly turned sideways, facing the source of those snake-like black hairs, and saw Celeste, cloaked in a black robe with an oddly flushed face.</p>
<p><em>Boom!</em></p>
<p>Multiple blazing white, blue-tinged fireballs quickly condensed, shattering those four huge ice mirrors into pieces. However, these fragments melted slowly, continuing to reflect Albus’s image from different angles, densely awaiting the arrival of the snake-like hairs carrying the Demoness’s flames.</p>
<p>Holding the bizarre giant sword, Albus suddenly transformed into a blazing white, blue-tinged fire person, expanding to three to four meters tall.</p>
<p>This brought continuous high temperatures, completely melting those ice mirror fragments.</p>
<p>Silently, Celeste withdrew those long hairs covered in black flames, once again concealing her form, moving to an unknown location.</p>
<p>Lumian teleported over.</p>
<p>This time, he drew the iron-black Sword of Courage from the Traveler’s Bag—the true Sword of Courage!</p>
<p>Enduring the continuous burning pain of sulfurous flames, Lumian was instantly filled with courage.</p>
<p><em>What’s there to fear from just a Sequence 5 who can borrow some power from the Red Angel?</em></p>
<p><em>Why hide?</em></p>
<p>Lumian swung the Sword of Courage at Albus Medici, only igniting the godhood-possessing straight sword with blazing white, blue-tinged flames just before it was about to clash with Albus’s bizarre bone and flesh sword.</p>
<p>Having courage didn’t mean not using schemes and tricks!</p>
<p>Albus’s now iron-black eyes showed no surprise; instead, a smile curled at the corners of his mouth.</p>
<p>His bizarre bone and flesh sword suddenly burst into near-blue flames.</p>
<p><em>You’ve been pretending to be weak all along, only using ordinary straight swords. How could I not be prepared for you to suddenly use a godhood-possessing attack?</em></p>
<p>Albus’s body abruptly metallized, instantly boosting his strength to its peak.</p>
<p><em>Boom!</em></p>
<p>The two swords collided, creating a sound like an exploding shell.</p>
<p>The blast of wind failed to shake Albus, whose skin now had an iron-black tinge, pushing Lumian and his Sword of Courage back.</p>
<p>Suddenly, Lumian melted into a viscous black liquid that seemed to be formed from the most sinister desires deep within the human heart.</p>
<p>He disintegrated on the ground, rapidly flowing to the bottom of Albus’s feet, covering him like a shadow.</p>
<p><em>Crack!</em> The illusory, viscous, chilling black liquid suddenly dispersed, and a mirror tinged with silvery-black fell onto the corpses and bones, shattering into pieces.</p>
<p><em>Mirror Substitution?</em> Lumian was shocked.</p>
<p><em>Albus has Mirror Substitution too?</em></p>
<p><em>No, he hadn’t used it in several dangerous situations before!</em></p>
<p>Albus’s figure emerged from a mirror near the peak of the corpse mountain, smiling as he transformed into a blazing-white, blue-tinged flame spear, flying back to the battlefield—that mirror was a remnant of Celeste’s Mirror Maze.</p>
<p>He didn’t have Mirror Substitution, but he could still traverse the mirror world using the crystal necklace coiled around his wrist. During Lumian’s first attack, he had prepared a mirror in advance, hiding it at his waist under his tattered jacket.</p>
<p><em>The indescribable monster appeared so abruptly and strangely, pursuing you. How could I not be prepared for you in this aspect?</em></p>
<p><em>As for how to quickly escape combat without Mirror Substitution and avoid being affected, you’ve demonstrated it twice already!</em></p>
<p>Seeing the flame spear flying towards him, Lumian, still in his viscous black liquid state, immediately seeped into the gaps between the corpses and bones, using this to leave the mountain peak.</p>
<p>Filled with courage, he didn’t intend to flee. To avoid being trapped by the Fog of War again without the Mirror Cufflink, he planned to circle around to the other side, seeking new opportunities to corrupt Albus Medici.</p>
<p>Fleeing was definitely not an option!</p>
<p>At this moment, Lumian suddenly felt a rather intense weakness.</p>
<p><em>Has my spirituality dried up prematurely? No, it’s not just a matter of spirituality…</em> Lumian thought as he reverted to human form and released his accumulated spirituality.</p>
<p><em>Clang!</em></p>
<p>His right hand inexplicably lost strength, making it difficult to hold onto the Sword of Courage. He could only watch helplessly as the iron-black straight sword fell to the ground, clanging against a stark white skeleton.</p>
<p><em>Why didn’t I teleport to create distance first?</em></p>
<p><em>I… I seem to be sick…</em></p>
<p>Lumian was suddenly alarmed and immediately activated the black mark on his right shoulder, disappearing from near the peak of the corpse mountain.</p>
<p>He left the Sword of Courage there, not retrieving it for the moment.</p>
<p>He was hoping the opponent would trigger one of its negative effects—in about ten minutes, if the Sword of Courage wasn’t sealed away, it would indiscriminately attack nearby people.</p>
<p>And now, the people around the Sword of Courage were Albus Medici and Celeste.</p>
<p>As soon as Lumian’s figure materialized on the wasteland, Albus at the peak of the corpse mountain slightly furrowed his brow.</p>
<p>This descendant of the Red Angel swayed slightly, noticeably weaker than before.</p>
<p>He seemed to have fallen ill as well.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
