<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch850.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-844-changes-in-the-body" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 844: Changes in the Body</h2>
<p>Lumian placed his hand on the mirror’s surface, activating the contract ability that represented the Mirror Mark.</p>
<p>Immediately, he sensed multiple marks he had left behind. Some were clear, others blurred, and some were like distant glimmers on the horizon.</p>
<p>The clear ones came from Moran Avigny’s study and Franca’s rented apartment. The blurry ones, which often changed locations, originated from the treasury of the Blue Avenger. The distant glimmers gave Lumian a feeling of being separated by a vast night, unreachable—they were the marks he had left on various mirrors in Morora.</p>
<p>At the same time, Lumian felt a strong calling. He sensed a unique, solid, and tight connection between himself and the City of Exiles.</p>
<p>In his mind’s eye, a dark, illusory world and the mountain of corpses appeared. The scent of rust and blood filled his nostrils, and his forehead tingled slightly.</p>
<p><em>If I want, I can use Black Tear now, enter the mirror, and teleport back to Morora…</em> Lumian suddenly realized.</p>
<p>Of course, such a teleportation had to pass through the special mirror world, which was extremely dangerous for Lumian.</p>
<p>He refocused, examining the changes in his body after becoming a proxy for 0-01.</p>
<p>It didn’t take long for him to reach a conclusion.</p>
<p><em>In Morora, 0-01 will help me absorb some of the damage. I can influence the weather, either making it similar or turning it into a disaster. I can create a small area of Fog of War, use abilities like War Cry and War Song to enhance myself and my team, and weaken enemies…</em></p>
<p><em>Additionally, I can temporarily become equivalent to a Sequence 4 Iron-blooded Knight, lacking only godhood and an incomplete mythical form. Otherwise, I possess all the qualities, albeit slightly weaker than a true Iron-blooded Knight. It’s like receiving a Sequence 4 boon, although high-level boons also come with godhood…</em></p>
<p><em>If I abandon my sense of self, I can momentarily approach Sequence 3…</em></p>
<p><em>However, all this can only be realized in Morora. With 0-01 sealed, it cannot exert influence outside Morora.</em></p>
<p><em>But the changes to my body as a proxy, or rather the corruption, are real and irreversible.</em></p>
<p><em>My physical resistance to damage has significantly improved. Although it’s not as good as a Dawn Paladin in full armor, I’m no longer at risk of instant death from a headshot. Without targeting weaknesses or using Cull, it takes two to three shots to crack my skull…</em></p>
<p><em>My strength, speed, reflexes, constitution, and agility have also improved. My body is becoming more robust and masculine. Luckily, I can use flame shaving. Otherwise, half a day would leave me scruffy…</em></p>
<p><em>My spirituality has increased by about forty to fifty percent. Now, with regular accumulation and storage, I no longer suffer from anxiety due to a lack of spirituality…</em></p>
<p><em>According to Grande Soeur’s and Franca’s terminology, my resistance to flames has also increased significantly. Flames not hot enough won’t hurt me. At least Sequence 5 blazing-white flames are needed for any effect. When using Devil’s Whispers in the future, the damage and pain from the sulfurous flames will be much lower… Huh, I’ve also grown three to four centimeters taller…</em></p>
<p>Lumian felt like an oversized, reinforced Reaper.</p>
<p><em>My long studies weren’t in vain…</em> He sighed, opening his bedroom door and stepping out.</p>
<p>Ludwig had just woken up, wearing a blue hat with yellow stars and energetically drinking milk.</p>
<p>Lumian glanced at Lugano busy in the kitchen and asked his godson with a smile, “What did you make with the Depriver’s stomach yesterday, and how much is left?”</p>
<p>Ludwig was stunned for a second. “I ate it all.”</p>
<p>“…” Lumian raised an eyebrow. “I thought you’d save some to make a special dish and share it with us.”</p>
<p>Ludwig was silent for a few seconds, then honestly replied, “I couldn’t resist its allure.”</p>
<p>Lumian stared at the boy until he looked down guiltily.</p>
<p>“I’ll let it go this time. I understand your desire, but know your mistake and correct it, understood?” Lumian’s expression softened.</p>
<p>He wasn’t angry about Ludwig eating the entire Depriver’s stomach, missing out on his share. To him, it was no big deal. His sternness was part of the education.</p>
<p>As a godfather and the team leader, he was responsible for this. Only by doing so could he quickly complete the ritual and advance to an Iron-blooded Knight.</p>
<p>“Yes, godfather,” Ludwig whispered.</p>
<p>Lumian sat down, waiting for his breakfast, and asked Ludwig, “Have you advanced to Depriver yet?”</p>
<p>“Almost, but I can use some Depriver abilities,” Ludwig said, gulping down more milk.</p>
<p>Lumian nodded lightly, not asking further questions.</p>
<hr />
<p>Trier, Quartier de la Cathédrale Commémorative, 9 Rue Orosai, Apartment 702.</p>
<p>After breakfast, Lumian went to see Franca and Jenna.</p>
<p>He politely rang the doorbell, mindful that at this hour, the two Demonesses might be scantily clad.</p>
<p>With winter over, the Demonesses could wear only light clothes indoors thanks to their resistance to the cold.</p>
<p>Ding-dong, ding-dong. Wearing a woman’s shirt, fitted trousers, and fluffy slippers, Franca opened the door.</p>
<p>She looked at Lumian in surprise. “You’re back from the City of Exiles?”</p>
<p><em>That’s too fast!</em></p>
<p>Last time they contacted, he was still studying!</p>
<p>Lumian walked past Franca, saying with a smile, “I used up your Mirror Cufflink.”</p>
<p>“That’s fine.” With her new Ice Amulet, Franca generously waved it off.</p>
<p>Lumian was about to speak when he saw Jenna at the dining table. Her facial skin looked deeply cleansed, smooth and delicate. Her crystalline eyes were like autumn streams, hiding a thousand emotions and words, inviting immersion. The simple, light-colored dress outlined a perfect but not exaggerated figure. Her exposed skin radiated indescribable charm.</p>
<p>Lumian’s throat tightened, and he felt an uncontrollable heat.</p>
<p>After a few seconds, he averted his gaze and asked Jenna thoughtfully, “Did you advance to Pleasure?”</p>
<p>“Yes,” Jenna replied with a mischievous smile. “Looks like that potion wasn’t fake.”</p>
<p>Lumian let out a derisive snort.</p>
<p>“Were you showcasing your charm just now?”</p>
<p>“No,” Jenna laughed softly. “Maybe the potion’s power is still leaking after my recent advancement. But, your self-control isn’t as strong as I thought.”</p>
<p><em>Um…</em> Lumian thought his reaction was uncharacteristic of an Ascetic. He suspected residual malice from using Devil’s Whispers, needing time to dissipate. And the Traveler’s Bag now held Black Tear—though isolated, the bag couldn’t fully block the Grade 1 Sealed Artifact’s influence. Some negative effects would always seep out.</p>
<p>That’s why he needed to burn the mystical pathogen in the isolated space regularly.</p>
<p>Finding an excuse, Lumian scoffed.</p>
<p>“That’s because I’m still weak, with noticeable emotional and desire fluctuations.”</p>
<p>Watching their interaction, Franca felt a pang of jealousy for some reason. She quickly changed the subject, excitedly sharing, “When Jenna advanced, we got some crucial, unexpected intel. Guess what it is.”</p>
<p>Lumian pulled up a chair and sat down, thinking.”Related to Krismona?”</p>
<p>Franca sat nearby and clicked her tongue.</p>
<p>“Sharp. Guess who Krismona’s father is.”</p>
<p>Lumian wanted to observe Franca and Jenna’s expressions, but their combined beauty made him instinctively look away.</p>
<p>After some consideration, he guessed, “With your tone and attitude… I’ll go with the least likely option: Blood Emperor Alista Tudor!”</p>
<p>Franca and Jenna’s expressions froze.</p>
<p>Lumian asked in slight disbelief, “I got it right?”</p>
<p>“Yes, congratulations.” Franca nodded solemnly.</p>
<p>“Th-this isn’t mystical…” Lumian echoed their earlier doubts.</p>
<p>The two Demonesses then recounted their discussion.</p>
<p>As Lumian listened, he frowned slightly.</p>
<p>“What’s wrong?” Jenna asked perceptively.</p>
<p>Lumian stroked his chin.</p>
<p>“I remembered something from my time in Morora.”</p>
<p>“What?” Franca had been curious about Lumian’s experiences in Morora.</p>
<p>Considering the corruption from knowledge related to 0-01, Lumian focused on his conflicts with Albus, Julie, and Wanak, emphasizing the importance of books and knowledge.</p>
<p>“In short, I’m now the proxy for 0-01, but this power only works in Morora.” Lumian pondered. “What puzzles me is why I escaped after being petrified by Julie’s divine descent and didn’t die.”</p>
<p>Franca clicked her tongue.</p>
<p>“You Hunters, always fighting with schemes and layers of plans, not straightforward at all!”</p>
<p>She then laughed.</p>
<p>“I think the Primordial One threw you out to save the Blood Emperor’s last hope of resurrection during the divine descent. What’s this? True love!”</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t immediately refute her near-joking statement. After a few seconds, he thoughtfully said, “Maybe it’s not true love, but a practical need. Maybe the purpose of the Primordial Demoness and Blood Emperor creating the special mirror world can only proceed after the Blood Emperor’s resurrection…”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
