<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch855.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-849-intercontinental-travel" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 849: Intercontinental Travel</h2>
<p>Ludwig had finished eating the red fish hot beef pie in his hand. He squatted in front of a street bench, took out a pen and a notebook from his red hard book bag, and began writing his post-meal impressions with focus and seriousness.</p>
<p>Watching in the shadows, Lumian pursed his lips.</p>
<p><em>You say you’re afraid, but your body instinctively repeats the habits formed in the Church of Knowledge…</em></p>
<p><em>If there weren’t so many exams and studies, you might have become a qualified believer of the God of Knowledge and Wisdom…</em></p>
<p>While mocking Ludwig, Lumian surveyed the surrounding citizens.</p>
<p>His gaze passed over a young man quietly reading a book in the café across the street, over a middle-aged scholar standing at the intersection observing passersby and carriages without crossing, and landed on a painter who had set up his easel under an Intis parasol tree, blankly painting the street scene.</p>
<p>Lumian left the shadows, walked a few steps, and came to stand behind the painter, peering at his work like the previous passersby.</p>
<p>The painting was ordinary, and he didn’t detect any supernatural powers.</p>
<p>Lumian continued walking, inwardly sighing, <em>It seems to be a normal painter for now, just with a somewhat off mental state…</em></p>
<p><em>Is this what Trier’s painters are like? Sometimes they seem more like heretics than actual heretics…</em></p>
<p><em>Sigh, in Trier, it’s too difficult to identify heretics based on behavioral abnormalities. As Franca would say, many citizens’ mental states are quite beautiful… In this matter, Fourth Epoch Trier and the overall seal are half responsible, and they themselves are responsible for the other half…</em></p>
<p>As Lumian was thinking, he saw a completely naked man walking towards him, with the only piece of cloth on him being a black top hat positioned in front of his lower abdomen.</p>
<p>This man walked with his head held high, looking around proudly, not at all embarrassed by his current appearance, as if he had done something very worthy of pride.</p>
<p>After passing Lumian by seven or eight meters, his palm was suddenly scalded.</p>
<p>He instinctively withdrew his hand and saw that his black top hat had burst into bright red flames, slowly falling to the ground.</p>
<p>He lost his last piece of cover.</p>
<p>Lumian, his back to him as he continued forward, silently moved his lips.</p>
<p><em>You’re welcome, just letting you show off more thoroughly.</em></p>
<p><em>You dare to streak with just that little bit? Next time, I’ll send you to the New City of Silver for a free tour.</em></p>
<p>Lumian walked on with his hands in his pockets, stepping into the shadows, and turned his attention back to Ludwig.</p>
<p>He had been following for a long time but still hadn’t found anyone suspicious of being a Devouring Whirlpool believer.</p>
<p>However, considering that since knowing Ludwig, the little boy had never converged with heretics of the same pathway, Lumian suspected that the seal on him must have some restrictions on this. Otherwise, with an evil deity’s Angel running around everywhere, who knows how many mystical disasters would have been triggered by now.</p>
<p><em>There might be another reason. Many evil deities’ bestowed, even if they’ve gained godhood, can disguise themselves as normal humans as long as they haven’t lost control or gone half-mad. But those of the Devouring Whirlpool might not be able to. Ludwig, not yet recovered to Depriver, can already eat so much in one meal. The corresponding Sequence 4 demigod, even without letting loose their appetite, would surely have an eating capacity that would alarm the Purifiers and Machinery Hivemind…</em></p>
<p><em>Forget it, the main purpose is to ‘tame’ Ludwig anyway. Fishing out other believers of the Devouring Whirlpool is just an additional idea. It doesn’t matter if I don’t find any…</em> Lumian had been watching for so long but hadn’t found any citizens with problematic eating behaviors.</p>
<p><em>†</em></p>
<p>After receiving Franca’s second letter, Lumian arrived at Apartment 702, 9 Rue Orosai after dinner.</p>
<p>Jenna had arrived two or three minutes earlier, still wearing Vampire makeup and dressed in an old-fashioned, conservative black robe.</p>
<p>Lumian glanced at Jenna, opened his mouth, then closed it again.</p>
<p>Seeing this, Jenna immediately raised her chin slightly and said, “Were you going to mock my current appearance?”</p>
<p>Lumian chuckled and said, “I just recalled a joke. Once there was a duke who, in order to whiten his skin, followed the advice of a quack doctor and took arsenic-containing pills for a long time. He did successfully improve his complexion, but he also experienced a side effect—he died.”</p>
<p>“Where did you read that joke?” Jenna asked curiously.</p>
<p>“In Ghost Face. Not long before I saw that joke, a guest at the Auberge du Coq Doré told me you can make your face look rosy and healthy by slapping your cheeks, to help find a job more easily.” Lumian laughed. “You coarse-haired folks need to read more books and magazines. Don’t be illiterate, or you’ll be looked down upon by the clergy of the Church of Knowledge.”</p>
<p><em>I just wanted you to act normal and wait for an opportunity, not keep mocking…</em> Jenna suddenly felt an urge to grind her teeth.</p>
<p>“Do you think I’m like you? Having not even finished compulsory education…”</p>
<p>At this point, Jenna trailed off.</p>
<p>Meanwhile, Franca, who had been furtively writing something at the coffee table, stood up and said, “You two, don’t lose sight of the important matters.”</p>
<p>Lumian, who already knew from the second letter about Harrison the visitor from Resurrection Island reappearing and Franca wanting to quickly take Amandina to the edge of the Samaritan Women’s Spring area, nodded gently and said, “My condition has basically recovered.”</p>
<p>“That was fast…” Franca was a bit surprised.</p>
<p>Jenna’s gaze briefly shifted away before returning to Lumian as she nodded slightly and said, “Indeed, faster than I expected.”</p>
<p>Lumian tsked. “Isn’t that a good thing? We can ask Amandina about her thoughts right now.”</p>
<p>“Mm-hmm.” Franca excitedly moved to take out the Ice Amulet.</p>
<p>Before coming over, Lumian had already burned the independent space containing Black Tear for over half an hour. He took out this Grade 1 Sealed Artifact Level 1.</p>
<p>“Let’s use this. It won’t consume any charges.”</p>
<p>As he spoke, his gaze swept across the full-length mirror in the living room, the glass windows revealing the night, and the metal-surfaced decorations.</p>
<p>Using Black Tear’s mirror magic, he found no abnormalities in these reflective objects and didn’t sense any gazes directed at them from within.</p>
<p>He then tossed Black Tear to Franca, giving a slight nod to indicate that the Demoness of Black likely wasn’t watching them at the moment.</p>
<p>“I’ve written down everything I want to tell Amandina to prevent eavesdropping…” Franca put on Black Tear, held the letter paper in her hand, covered it with black flames, and pressed it into the glass surface of the full-length mirror in the living room.</p>
<p>She needed to act quickly and finish this before Black Tear’s negative effects took hold!</p>
<hr />
<p>South Continent, Matani, Port Pylos.</p>
<p>Amandina lit the gas wall lamp and sat at her desk, once again reading the mysticism materials provided by Ms. Franca.</p>
<p>Each time she read this knowledge, she was genuinely surprised, respectful, longing, and fearful.</p>
<p>Over the past two to three weeks, she had met with her acquaintances from the patrol team several times and attended two mystical studies gatherings. She discovered that the mysticism knowledge recorded in these materials was actually unknown to the vast majority of Beyonders, whether official or not.</p>
<p><em>This is truly a gift…</em> Just as Amandina had this thought, she saw the dressing mirror given to her by Ms. Franca, which she had specially placed nearby, become dark and ripple with an aqueous light.</p>
<p>Within the aqueous light, Intisian characters were outlined:</p>
<p>“I am Franca. Lumian has returned.</p>
<p>“He asked me to inquire when you plan to come to Trier. He will take you to the area where that shadow might appear…”</p>
<p><em>Louis Berry has returned to Trier…</em> Amandina thought for a few seconds, then said to the mirror, “Tonight works.”</p>
<p>She had originally planned not to see anyone tonight, to focus on studying the remaining mysticism knowledge.</p>
<p>She had already instructed her maid in advance and locked her bedroom door.</p>
<p>As soon as Amandina gave her answer, Franca’s slightly urgent voice came from the mirror.</p>
<p>“Put your hand on the mirror.”</p>
<p>Feeling a bit nervous yet quite excited and curious, Amandina reached her palm towards the surface of the dressing mirror.</p>
<p>She felt the hard, cold glass lose its solid feel, like a layer of water without temperature.</p>
<p>Amandina’s right hand passed completely through the glass surface, and suddenly a terrifying suction force erupted from within.</p>
<p>Her entire body was yanked in, falling into a dark, empty tunnel, plummeting towards the end of a vortex.</p>
<p>Before Amandina could react, she felt dizzy and disoriented.</p>
<p>When she regained her senses, she found herself standing in a small living room, facing Ms. Franca whom she had met before.</p>
<p>This lady was as beautiful as last time, and with the closer distance and no mirror barrier, her charm was clearly stronger, making even Amandina, a woman, feel a bit embarrassed to look too much but unable to resist.</p>
<p>As Amandina’s gaze moved, she saw a beautiful woman with pale skin and bright red lips who looked more girlish, and Lumian Lee sitting in an armchair, wearing a shirt and jacket, with his right foot crossed over his left leg.</p>
<p><em>Are all the women around this guy so beautiful? He seems to have become a bit more handsome…</em> Amandina suddenly felt a little insecure about her own appearance.</p>
<p>She then looked around, examining this unfamiliar place.</p>
<p>Meanwhile, Franca quickly removed Black Tear and tossed it back to Lumian.</p>
<p><em>How amazing…</em> Amandina finally came to her senses and asked with sparkling eyes, “Did I come here through the mirror? Is this Trier?”</p>
<p>Lumian tucked Black Tear back into that separate space in the Traveler’s Bag and smiled as he corrected,</p>
<p>“It was through the mirror world.”</p>
<p>“Mirror world…” Amandina pondered this term, “Then, do I have a way to travel to different places through the mirror world like you?”</p>
<p>Lumian scoffed. “Don’t you know that non-adjacent pathways can’t be interchanged? Don’t you know about the existence of mystical items?”</p>
<p>As he spoke, Lumian stood up and walked towards the door. “We’re leaving now.”</p>
<p>“Aren’t they coming?” Amandina pointed at Franca and Jenna.</p>
<p>She hadn’t even had a chance to exchange pleasantries yet!</p>
<p>“No need.” Lumian opened the front door.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
