<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch862.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-856-the-so-called-way-of-heaven" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 856: The So-called Way of Heaven</h2>
<p>Franca looked at Lumian, asking expectantly, “What do you mean?”</p>
<p>Lumian, now completely comfortable, glanced at Anthony and Jenna before focusing back on Franca’s recliner.</p>
<p>“We all know that there are great existences occupying several adjacent pathways in this world, like Mr. Fool and the Celestial Worthy at the top of the Apprentice, Seer, and Marauder pathways. Then there’s the Great Mother, who is at the top of the Moon, Earth, and Villain pathways.</p>
<p>“So, if the phrase ‘to approach the way of heaven’ indeed means adjusting oneself to get closer to the bestower and actively seeking boons, then in this context, what does the ‘way of heaven’ represent? Top of which pathways?”</p>
<p>Franca pondered for a moment before replying, “From our current understanding of the twenty-two pathways, the Hunter pathway definitely represents ‘yang,’ while the Demoness pathway might represent ‘yin.’ It could also be the Earth or Moon pathway. Considering the symbol of ‘yang,’ ‘yin’ here likely refers to the Demoness pathway.”</p>
<p>Franca only knew that the Hunter pathway could transform a woman into a man. She was unsure if the Earth or Moon pathways could turn a man into a woman, classifying them as ‘yin’ based on their association with nurturing, reproduction, and growth.</p>
<p>“So, in these sentences, the ‘way of heaven’ refers to the top of the Hunter and Demoness pathways?” Jenna asked, following Lumian and Franca’s train of thought.</p>
<p>“Probably,” Franca nodded emphatically. “The knowledge in Mr. Star’s document might explain how to correctly understand the contradiction, opposition, transformation, and unity of ‘yin’ and ‘yang.’ Then, through one’s behavior and necessary external help, harmonize yin and yang to the greatest extent to approach the corresponding way of heaven, that is, the great existences at the top of the Demoness and Hunter pathways, and obtain boons.”</p>
<p>Lumian chuckled. “Having reached this point in the analysis, what comes to mind?”</p>
<p>Jenna was momentarily stunned and blurted out, “The joining of the Blood Emperor and the Primordial Demoness?”</p>
<p>“Barely keeping up with my thoughts,” Lumian half-praised, half-mocked. “We’ve always wondered why the Blood Emperor and the Primordial Demoness would cooperate. As true gods of adjacent pathways, shouldn’t They be mortal enemies? Madam Magician told me that choosing a pathway determines your enemies and friends.”</p>
<p><em>Aren’t you two from adjacent pathways and still not enemies? Haven’t you shared a bed?</em> Franca glanced at Lumian and Jenna, feeling a slight twinge of jealousy as she lampooned.</p>
<p>During such moments, she often felt that her Affliction potion had digested a bit.</p>
<p>Of course, she knew that this enmity mainly applied to the higher levels.</p>
<p>Lumian continued, “The seal on the convergence effect from Mr. Door might just be a technical detail on how it’s done, not the cause or purpose.”</p>
<p>“The goal of the Blood Emperor and the Primordial Demoness is to join the body with the way of heaven?” Franca expanded her thoughts from “to approach the way of heaven,” using a concept from her previous life that she felt was more appropriate.</p>
<p>Lumian, Jenna, and Anthony looked at Franca, more or less confused.</p>
<p><em>What does merging the body with the way of heaven mean?</em></p>
<p>Sensing her companions’ confusion, Franca scratched her ponytail and tried to explain, “It means uniting with the so-called way of heaven… Uh, an imprecise analogy would be usurping a true god’s position, not replacing a true god but the great existence represented by the way of heaven.”</p>
<p>“Then why don’t the Primordial Demoness and Blood Emperor directly kill each other and devour the other’s Beyonder characteristics to unify yin and yang?” Anthony questioned.</p>
<p><em>There’s no need for them to consummate to give birth to two children!</em></p>
<p>Franca thought for a few seconds. “Maybe they need to harmonize before unifying? At least that’s what the sentences suggest…</p>
<p>“In other words, the Blood Emperor and Primordial Demoness had to combine first, adjust their state, get close to the way of heaven, and then enter the unification stage. So, They had to temporarily cooperate while preparing to betray each other once they achieved Their goals…</p>
<p>“What do they call this? The first sword upon reaching the shore cuts down those around you!”</p>
<p>Lumian and the others were used to Franca’s sudden nonsensical remarks and patiently waited for her to continue.</p>
<p>Franca suddenly laughed. “It’s also possible that the Blood Emperor and Primordial Demoness came across similar knowledge but, due to a lack of proper training and understanding, They naïvely thought combining yin and yang meant the Hunter and Demoness pathways had to be physically united; this resulted in Them producing some children.</p>
<p>“What do they call this? This is what happens when cultures don’t communicate well! Uh, it’s not exactly wrong, just somewhat narrow-minded, overlooking other possible approaches.”</p>
<p>As Jenna started to feel uneasy, relating to her own experience, Lumian sarcastically remarked, “I’ve always said that redheads and thick-heads need to read more and study hard.”</p>
<p>As soon as Lumian finished speaking, Franca and Jenna glared at him furiously.</p>
<p>“I don’t think it’s a misunderstanding. Even if the Blood Emperor, being half-mad, didn’t fully grasp the meaning of unifying yin and yang, He had top-tier Cryptologists around Him,” Anthony expressed a different view, referring to Amon, the grand duke of the Tudor Empire and Angel of the Marauder pathway.</p>
<p>Lumian mused aloud,“Did you forget that one of Amon’s titles is the ‘God of Mischief’?</p>
<p>“Maybe He wanted to see such a development.”</p>
<p>“Do you resonate with Amon’s mindset because you’re a trickster too…” Franca muttered softly.</p>
<p>Jenna nodded.”So, the special mirror world is a byproduct of the Blood Emperor and Primordial Demoness’s attempt to unify yin and yang to approach the way of heaven?</p>
<p>“Or a necessary creation for occupying the way of heaven, similar to High-Sequence advancement rituals?”</p>
<p>“We can’t draw conclusions yet, but the direction seems right.” Franca took out a dark red fountain pen from her Traveler’s Bag and wrote the translated sentences under different headings on her thigh.</p>
<p>She thoughtfully interpreted individual characters based on sentence structure, text shape, and reasonable assumptions. Finally, she organized their discussion into a report, appended it to the document, and sent it to the Major Arcana card holder as a reference instead of a conclusion.</p>
<p><em>Phew…</em> Having completed this task, Franca breathed a sigh of relief.</p>
<p>“The gains from summoning Armored Shadow this time were greater than I expected. Now we can confirm that Resurrection Island is Penglai divine mountain, and Harrison is the corpse that drifted from Penglai!”</p>
<p>Franca was somewhat disappointed that there was still no definitive evidence proving that Underworld Daoist and Harrison’s world was the same as the one they had transmigrated from—similar language, culture, and appearance were not sufficient premises for inference.</p>
<p>She planned to ask Armored Shadow directly next time if it had heard of the Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings, the culprit behind their transmigration!</p>
<p>Anthony, who knew little about Armored Shadow, Penglai, and the so-called river, was confused but understood the importance of Resurrection Island and Harrison, which the Major Arcana card holders were also interested in.</p>
<p>“Harrison died and was resurrected? As expected from someone from Resurrection Island… Why did Resurrection Island disappear from Underworld Daoist’s world?</p>
<p>“Based on Harrison’s words to the Demon Warlock, people from Resurrection Island have been active in our world for a long time…</p>
<p>“Did Resurrection Island disappear from its original world because it transmigrated here? Can it now communicate with its original world?” Jenna finally understood Franca’s shock at seeing the corresponding illusion after asking the second question.</p>
<p>She suddenly froze, feeling she shouldn’t analyze in this direction.</p>
<p>Franca’s eyes lit up. “It’s possible!”</p>
<p>She then left the armchair, paced back and forth, and said angrily, “Damn, why didn’t we lure Harrison out this time!”</p>
<p>Although she realized that the visitor from Resurrection Island might be more dangerous than expected, they had Madam Magician overseeing their visit to the Samaritan Women’s Spring this time.</p>
<p>“Our main task now is to find Harrison or the Mirror Person, Palia.” Lumian stood up and spoke with the demeanor of a team leader.</p>
<p>Mirror Person Palia was the mineralogist, Jasmine.</p>
<p>Before Franca and the others could respond, he added, “I also need to start gathering supplementary ingredients for the Iron-blooded Knight.”</p>
<p>“We can also gather ingredients for the Demoness of Despair. With no clear leads to track for now, we have plenty of free time,” Franca agreed.</p>
<p>Anthony said, “I’ll do my best on this task, but I have another one as well.”</p>
<p>“Joining the Psychology Alchemists?” Franca asked curiously.</p>
<p>“That’s a long-term task,” Anthony explained briefly. “Ma’am Hermit’s Minor Arcana card, the Knight of Swords, is in Trier and needs help from a Beyonder of the Spectator pathway. Madam Justice recommended me.”</p>
<p>“What kind of help?” Lumian asked.</p>
<p>Anthony shook his head. “We haven’t met yet.”</p>
<p>Lumian nodded. “Feel free to ask for help if needed.”</p>
<hr />
<p>In a wooden house on the Southern Continent.</p>
<p>The Star leaned back in his chair, staring blankly at the paper and pen on the table.</p>
<p>Suddenly, a brilliant starry light appeared before him, forming a dazzling door.</p>
<p>The door opened, and Madam Magician stepped out, holding a letter from Franca.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
