<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch861.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-855-that-corpse" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 855: That Corpse</h2>
<p>To Franca, the sentence Armored Shadow Chen Tu had just translated was quite ordinary. It was something she often read before her transmigration. She couldn’t understand why the Major Arcana card holders thought such words could bring corruption.</p>
<p><em>Could it be the words themselves?</em></p>
<p><em>Just like the word “I,” which can have entirely different meanings in Intis and ancient Hermes!</em></p>
<p><em>However, isn’t there a phrase that seems a bit off? Yin and yang unite to create all things… shouldn’t it be yin and yang unite to produce all things?</em> Franca had been an avid internet user before her transmigration, and one of her hobbies was reading novels and watching anime. She had only seen “Yin and yang unite to produce all things” and never heard of “Yin and yang unite to create all things.”</p>
<p>Of course, after thinking carefully, she found it understandable:</p>
<p>Yin and yang unite to nurture all things, all things grow and weave together to form matter!</p>
<p><em>In that case, the logic remains sound, just omitting the ‘all things’ as the bridge…</em> While Franca was distracted by her thoughts, she continued to listen seriously to the rest of the sentences translated by Armored Shadow.</p>
<p>She didn’t write down the corresponding content. As a Demoness proficient in divination, she could easily recall the full content in her dreams later.</p>
<p>The subsequent sentences were similar to the first, all about the opposition, contradiction, conflict, reflection, harmonization, and unity of yin and yang. They were all broad principles without in-depth explanations or practical details, making Franca feel like yawning.</p>
<p>The only thing she felt was worth pondering was the last half sentence of the document: “To approach the way of heaven.”</p>
<p>From her understanding of this phrase, Franca naturally linked it to the knowledge that boons made the recipient gradually closer to the giver, and the way Underworld Daoist granted power to Amandina was indeed through a boon.</p>
<p><em>To approach the way of heaven… is this document actually about how to use mind and body harmoniously, balancing yin and yang to synchronize with the so-called way of heaven, thereby gaining power? Is this a way of seeking boons?</em> Franca saw that Armored Shadow Chen Tu had finished translating and let the documents float back. She quickly gathered her thoughts and prepared to ask her questions.</p>
<p>After catching the documents, she immediately asked in her true, native language, “The first question, have you heard of anyone traveling from the world you and Underworld Daoist to another world?”</p>
<p>Franca didn’t translate this question into Intisian for Lumian to ask, fearing Amandina would learn about the transmigration. Though they could later have Anthony hypnotize Amandina to make her forget, why not use a simpler method?</p>
<p>Armored Shadow Chen Tu turned its gaze towards Franca, who spoke a similar language.</p>
<p>After a few seconds, it looked back at Lumian, conveying the thought of “Should I answer?”</p>
<p>As the host of the current ritual, Lumian had to approve, or Armored Shadow and Franca wouldn’t be able to communicate. Otherwise, Armored Shadow, unless using force, couldn’t take the gold on the altar even if it didn’t fulfill the agreement.</p>
<p>Lumian nodded.”This is the first question.”</p>
<p>Armored Shadow replied in a deep, hoarse voice, “Unknown.”</p>
<p>It still used the language close to Franca’s mother tongue.</p>
<p>Amandina grew increasingly confused.</p>
<p>She couldn’t understand anything!</p>
<p>Throughout the process, she could only understand Lumian’s part!</p>
<p>Amandina glanced at Jenna beside her and, lowering her voice, asked as though they knew each other well, “What are they talking about? What language are they using?”</p>
<p>Jenna chuckled softly. “Even though I look very serious and focused, I actually can’t understand either.”</p>
<p>Amandina couldn’t help but sigh.</p>
<p>“I’ll tell you secretly, Lumian doesn’t understand either,” Jenna smiled, glancing at Lumian who was closely watching Armored Shadow, and whispered to Amandina.</p>
<p>Amandina looked at Jenna, then at Lumian, and recalled the expression, tone, and wording of that sentence just now, giving a silent “wow” in her mind.</p>
<p><em>Some things are unintentionally revealed!</em></p>
<p>She curiously asked, “Why don’t you learn that language from Franca?”</p>
<p>“We’ve just started in the past two days; it’s tough.” Jenna unconsciously frowned.</p>
<p><em>It’s really tough!</em></p>
<p>At this time, hearing Armored Shadow’s answer, Franca couldn’t help but feel disappointed but maintained her normal demeanor and asked in her native tongue,</p>
<p>“The second question, can you use an illusion or a similar method to show the corpse that floated from Penglai to the river earlier?”</p>
<p>This question came to Franca’s mind in the past two days, directly prompted by Amandina hearing the Underworld Daoist say “Beware Penglai,” and Armored Shadow Chen Tu mentioning before that the mysteriously vanished Penglai had reappeared, with a corpse from there floating to the river.</p>
<p>Franca thought that matters related to Penglai might be important and possibly linked to their hope of returning home.</p>
<p>Just after asking this question, Franca suddenly realized her mistake and wanted to slap herself.</p>
<p>It wasn’t that she shouldn’t have asked this question but that the way she phrased it was problematic!</p>
<p>According to her current phrasing, even if the Armored Shadow agreed, it only needed to say “yes” without showing the specific appearance of the corpse. The question didn’t have a corresponding mandatory requirement!</p>
<p><em>Should I prepare another 100,000 verl d’or of gold? I’m almost broke, with only a bit over 2,000 verl d’or left…</em> Franca regretted it deeply.</p>
<p>Fortunately, Armored Shadow Chen Tu was honest. Once the question was approved by Lumian, it immediately made countless transparent faces on its scales protrude frantically.</p>
<p>This made the surroundings instantly eerie green, with cold wind blowing.</p>
<p>Water droplets quickly condensed on the altar surface, gathering into a water surface, reflecting a figure.</p>
<p>The figure floated in the deep darkness, unable to show a specific form as if it had been hollowed out. The black robe and body were highly decayed, oozing pus.</p>
<p>Its face was relatively intact. Through the deep-to-the-bone rotting marks, one could still see the pale and dim skin, soft contours, and thin layer of black hair…</p>
<p>Franca was stunned.</p>
<p><em>I-isn’t this the visitor from Resurrection Island, Harrison?</em></p>
<p><em>He had long died, turned into a decaying corpse floating on what seems like the River Styx, so why was he still active in Trier?</em></p>
<p><em>Moreover, the corpse appeared on the river a few years ago, and only then did the Demon Warlock encounter Harrison!</em></p>
<p>Though Lumian didn’t understand Franca’s question, he roughly guessed why Franca was so shocked from the key details of “floating,” “corpse,” and “Harrison’s appearance.”</p>
<p>He turned his head to look at Franca, seeing surprise, astonishment, and confusion in those lake-blue eyes.</p>
<p>Lumian nodded to reassure her, then said to Armored Shadow Chen Tu, “Thank you for your answers.”</p>
<p>The gold on the altar disintegrated, turning into pure light, flowing like water onto Armored Shadow’s surface.</p>
<p>Seeing the fish-scale armor mostly turned golden, sacred, and heavy, Lumian frowned slightly and ended the ritual.</p>
<p>After extinguishing the candles, he immediately said to Franca, “Another two times, and Armored Shadow should fully restore its golden body. We can only summon it once more at most.”</p>
<p>“Yeah.” Franca finally snapped out of the shock of seeing Harrison’s past corpse.</p>
<p>As Lumian cleaned up the altar, she smiled at Amandina and said, “We can leave now.”</p>
<p>“Huh?” Amandina was puzzled, “Wasn’t I supposed to help? I haven’t done anything yet…”</p>
<p>“You already provided help.” Franca grinned.</p>
<p>Amandina was even more confused.”When did this happen?”</p>
<p>Jenna helped clarify, “Don’t you feel that the language Franca and Armored Shadow spoke was similar to what the figure whispered in your ear?”</p>
<p>Amandina thought carefully. “It does seem similar.”</p>
<p>After tidying up the altar, Lumian returned and casually said, “The shadow just now was likely sealed by your teacher, hmm—the figure. You being here could mislead it, making it think this represents the figure’s attitude, reducing the difficulty of our communication and preventing its attack.</p>
<p>“That’s your help, just standing by and observing.”</p>
<p>Amandina suddenly recalled Armored Shadow’s gaze and reactive response when it first appeared, understanding.”Is that so… Well, um, what is my teacher’s name?”</p>
<p><em>Though we all know this question is normal, it still sounds weird… who doesn’t know their teacher’s name and needs to ask someone else…</em> Jenna grumbled inwardly.</p>
<p>Franca answered with a smile in Intisian, “Underworld Daoist.</p>
<p>“Also, you should call him Master, not Teacher.”</p>
<p>“Underworld Daoist…” Amandina softly repeated the title described in Intisian.</p>
<p>After a few seconds, she contentedly asked, “What’s the difference between Master and Teacher?”</p>
<p>“A Master includes a paternalistic meaning,” Franca explained with some effort.</p>
<p>Amandina didn’t ask further, her eyes sparkling as she said, “I can provide help again in the future!</p>
<p>“Can you help me collect the Mid-to-Low Sequence potion formulas and Beyonder characteristics of the Evernight pathway?”</p>
<p>“No problem.” Franca didn’t tell Amandina those would be available soon.</p>
<p>Lumian smiled and said, “I thought you’d ask to visit the Samaritan Women’s Spring again.”</p>
<p>Amandina smiled a bit reluctantly. “I’ll adapt for a while longer, and go after my own Sequence matches my boon level.”</p>
<p>After speaking, she muttered softly, “I don’t want to turn into an old man with a white beard…”</p>
<hr />
<p>After sending Amandina off, Lumian, Jenna, and Anthony sat in the living room of Apartment 702 at 9 Rue Orosai, listening to Franca recounting the sentences translated by Armored Shadow.</p>
<p>“What do they mean?” Jenna felt like she somewhat understood but also didn’t understand at all.</p>
<p>Franca had to translate in her own words what “Pure yin does not last, pure yang does not grow…” meant.</p>
<p>As Jenna listened, she gradually didn’t know how to position her body and avoided moving her gaze.</p>
<p>Lumian took a tactical sip of water, and Anthony’s expression remained unchanged.</p>
<p>“I think these sentences are too ordinary, not worth such high regard,” Franca concluded.</p>
<p>Lumian pondered for a few seconds and slowly said, “No, they might be very important.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
