<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch874.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-868-confrontation" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 868: Confrontation</h2>
<p>High above Trier, an ancient, mottled, gigantic shadow emerged. It resembled a stone-carved wall clock, divided into twelve segments. Each segment was either gray-white or dark green, intermixed yet distinct, each marked with different symbols.</p>
<p><em>Clang!</em></p>
<p>The ethereal chime seemed to traverse through ages, making all of Trier appear frozen in time.</p>
<p>In this brief stasis, transparent and opaque worms with twelve rings crawled frantically, burrowing into various places, seeking patterns to deceive and escape the influence of fate.</p>
<p>Lumian and the others were also momentarily immobilized by the ancient-sounding chime.</p>
<p>Not long ago, upon hearing Lumian mention the term “Circle Inhabitant,” Franca and Jenna both took out a tarot card from the Traveler’s Bag.</p>
<p>The tarot card depicted an angel sounding a trumpet to guide the departed.</p>
<p>Major Arcana card, Judgment!</p>
<p>Next, the two Demonesses softly chanted in Hermes, “Rain judgment!”</p>
<p>They felt Madam Judgment’s response, but it was faint, unable to establish a true connection.</p>
<p>The two Demonesses instantly understood that this botanical garden or the surrounding area of the cabin was under more severe restrictions, not just the influence of the Circle Inhabitant’s abilities.</p>
<p>While they sought Madam Judgment’s descent, Lumian, Anthony, and Lugano watched as their cabin rapidly decayed and collapsed, like a long-buried tree trunk disintegrating into the soil.</p>
<p><em>Boom!</em></p>
<p>A blazing-white fireball shot upward, blasting apart the collapsing ceiling, preventing the rotting wood from touching anyone present.</p>
<p>As the cabin decayed and collapsed, Lumian saw two figures appear several dozen meters ahead.</p>
<p>One figure was slender, of medium height, wearing a crisp white shirt and black suit, with a gray bow tie. His features were sharp and pronounced.</p>
<p>Although he appeared elderly, it was clear he had been quite handsome in his youth. His hair was now graying but meticulously groomed, and his face bore brown age spots that seemed ready to fester and ooze.</p>
<p>The other figure was also dressed formally, in his fifties, with thick blond hair flecked with white, eyes as clear as a lake, and a meticulously trimmed beard. Despite his age, he was still strikingly handsome.</p>
<p>Seeing the latter figure, Lumian, though prepared, still forced a hoarse voice from his throat. “Voisin Sanson!”</p>
<p>This was the leader of the Sinner’s Organization, the father of Aurore’s original body, a follower of fate who had brought tragedy to Aurore!</p>
<p>“Sanson, leave those two Demonesses to me,” the man with the age spots said, his eyes brightening at the sight of Franca and Jenna, addressing Circle Inhabitant Voisin Sanson.</p>
<p>It wasn’t just a lust for beauty, but a deep-seated attraction from more profound factors.</p>
<p>Voisin Sanson gazed at Lumian, chuckling lightly as he responded to his collaborator, “No problem, Higdon.”</p>
<p>Lumian suppressed his urge to rush forward for revenge, quickly instructing Ludwig,</p>
<p>“You handle the blonde one!”</p>
<p>Last time, Lumian had relied on the residual aura of the Blood Emperor to intimidate Voisin Sanson, causing the Circle Inhabitant’s effect in the painting world to shatter, allowing him to escape. This time, the residual aura of the Blood Emperor was sealed by the Underworld Daoist, and having suffered once, Voisin Sanson would surely be on guard.</p>
<p>So, Lumian hoped that Ludwig, with his angelic body and rank, could forcibly break the Circle Inhabitant’s influence through brute strength and rank suppression.</p>
<p>If they didn’t break free from the Circle Inhabitant, no matter how much effort he, Franca, Jenna, and the others put in, they would be reset to the current moment, achieving nothing.</p>
<p>Ludwig hesitated, as if saying to Lumian, “Me? Fight that powerful old man? I’m just a child!”</p>
<p>On the one hand, Ludwig hadn’t expected to be part of a battle, and on the other, he felt he shouldn’t fight, believing it best to cooperate with the two elders in front of him and let them take him away.</p>
<p>Vaguely, Lumian heard the chime again, his thoughts briefly blurred.</p>
<p>Franca, Jenna, Anthony, and the opposing Voisin Sanson and Higdon all had similar feelings.</p>
<p>Quickly regaining his composure, Lumian swiftly took out Black Tear from the Traveler’s Bag and tossed it to Franca.</p>
<p>From Higdon’s tone and attitude toward Voisin Sanson, Lumian believed he must be a Saint, a true demigod. Thus, Franca could only rely on Black Tear to hold off the opponent long enough to break the Circle Inhabitant’s effect.</p>
<p>Tossing Black Tear to Franca, Lumian urged Ludwig again, “Go! I’ll prepare a grand feast for you later!”</p>
<p>Ludwig hesitated, but his feet remained firmly planted.</p>
<p>At this moment, Voisin Sanson and Higdon, lacking angelic rank, seemed sluggish under some strange influence, not attacking swiftly.</p>
<p>Lumian’s voice grew imposing, roaring, “Do you want to be sent back to the Church of Knowledge?”</p>
<p>Ludwig, startled, turned immediately towards Voisin Sanson.</p>
<p>“Don’t you enjoy your current life?” Lumian added, based on his understanding of Ludwig.</p>
<p>Ludwig pursed his lips, then stuffed a piece of chocolate into his mouth, sprinting towards Voisin Sanson.</p>
<p>Lumian signaled Franca and Jenna, who had just shaken off the sluggishness.</p>
<p>He meant for Franca to engage Higdon, stalling him, with Jenna assisting Franca but avoiding direct combat.</p>
<p>Franca and Jenna nodded solemnly.</p>
<p>Franca wrapped the Black Tear accessory around her wrist, her figure swiftly disappearing.</p>
<p>Jenna also vanished from sight.</p>
<p>Without hesitation, Lumian retrieved the Devil’s Whispers bone ring and slipped it onto his right middle finger.</p>
<p>His body instantly ignited with blue-purple flames, exuding a strong sulfuric scent, and malice surged forth.</p>
<p>He was grateful that he had vented most of his pent-up desires and emotions during this period, feeling much better than when he used the Hisoka relic in Morora.</p>
<p>He then grasped the hilt of the Sword of Courage and drew it from the Traveler’s Bag.</p>
<p>Courage filled Lumian’s body as he stared at Voisin Sanson, who sought to control Ludwig’s insignificant fate, transforming into a long spear of blazing white-blue flame, and hurled it forward.</p>
<p><em>Revenge! Revenge!</em></p>
<p><em>I won’t back down!</em></p>
<p>Before using the Sword of Courage, Lumian had devised a strategy: Franca and Jenna would stall Higdon, while he and Ludwig launched a strong assault on Voisin Sanson, attempting to break the Circle Inhabitant’s influence. Anthony would support both sides and act as an external brain.</p>
<p>As for Lugano, he wouldn’t participate in the battle, instead finding opportunities to provide healing.</p>
<hr />
<p>Inside the dim “Black Emperor” mausoleum, dark walls surrounded a central black platform.</p>
<p>Atop the platform was a giant chair that appeared to be made of black iron, engraved with complex, twisted patterns. The top of the chair back extended into the shape of a crown.</p>
<p>A massive black shadow sat on the heavy chair, its facial features gradually becoming clear: Blue eyes, a high nose, thin lips, and well-groomed mustache…</p>
<p>The shadow’s body also became clearer, seemingly clad in black armor and a luxurious cloak.</p>
<p>Roselle Gustav.</p>
<p>The Intis Emperor who named an era after himself!</p>
<p>He was constantly being reborn and dying, but both processes were distorted and slowed, allowing him to awaken and partially manifest.</p>
<p>Seeing Roselle like this, Bernadette’s eyes welled up, and she cried out in both pain and joy, “Dad!”</p>
<p>Roselle’s eyes turned blood-red, and his face cracked open to reveal glowing red slits.</p>
<p>But these vanished after another round of death and rebirth.</p>
<p>Regardless of whether he was dying or being reborn, both processes slowed even further.</p>
<p>Roselle looked at his eldest daughter and sighed. “Didn’t I tell you never to come back?”</p>
<p>Bernadette, her expression resolute, replied, “Dad, I want to save you!</p>
<p>“I don’t dare gamble on whether the one who wakes up is Mr. Fool or The Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings. At the very least, I want to ensure you can stay conscious and stable without Their help.”</p>
<p>Queen Mystic paused, her voice heavy before adding, “Moreover, I can’t predict when the apocalypse will come or what the outcome will be. I don’t want to wait any longer.”</p>
<p>Roselle sighed with a hint of relief.</p>
<p>“Silly child…</p>
<p>“Who helped you bypass my restrictions and return here?”</p>
<p>“It was that individual.” Bernadette didn’t hide anything from her father.</p>
<p>“Adam? The current True Creator?” Roselle wasn’t surprised at all.</p>
<p>Bernadette nodded lightly.</p>
<p>Roselle sneered, then looked at Bernadette with a complicated expression.</p>
<p>“You chose to collaborate with the believers of the Uncertain Mist. Do you know how dangerous that is?”</p>
<p>Bernadette was silent for a moment, then said, “It’s exploitation.</p>
<p>“The forces capable of balancing your corruption are all outside the barrier. Among them, only the power of the Uncertain Mist can relatively easily penetrate the barrier and transmit some of it inside.</p>
<p>“I’ve also made some preparations to prevent the vortex from progressing further.</p>
<p>“I deliberately didn’t respond to Cattleya’s letter, so she would participate in the Tarot Club. When she is above the gray fog, she will quickly become aware, and with the strength of the Tarot Club and its connections, once the problem is identified, they can respond effectively…</p>
<p>“I’ve also predicted some of Perle’s trade partners, discovered the movements of the indulgence faction of the Rose School of Thought, and arranged for my subordinates to leak it to the temperance faction…</p>
<hr />
<p>“I’ve also foreseen the outcome of this matter, and the situation hasn’t deteriorated.</p>
<p>“That individual also hinted at the same.”</p>
<p>Roselle shook his head, his tone slightly grave as he said to Bernadette in a teaching manner, “Perhaps the situation hasn’t deteriorated because many people have sacrificed themselves.</p>
<p>“To Adam, this might be necessary.</p>
<p>“But what about you?”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
