<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch878.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-872-courage" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 872: Courage</h2>
<p>Lumian didn’t waste time engaging with Harrison, Voisin Sanson, and the others. This confirmed that the Mirror People were deeply involved in Project Vortex, and this was indeed the special mirror world, though its specific layer was unknown.</p>
<p>Lumian immediately activated the black mark on his right shoulder. He needed to transport Franca and the others away from this area before Voisin Sanson could use his Circle Inhabitant ability.</p>
<p>This time, his destination was Morora, the City of Exiles!</p>
<p>Since they had already entered the special mirror world and the worst-case scenario had occurred, there was no need to hold back. They could attempt to navigate the hidden dangers here and reach Morora.</p>
<p>If they didn’t take risks, facing Voisin Sanson and Higdon, two demigods, plus the strange and special abilities of Harrison, Lumian doubted they had any chance of survival. All of them dying was only a matter of time. It was better to take a gamble and see if they could get through the dangers of the special mirror world and reach Morora.</p>
<p>In Morora, Lumian was the proxy of 0-01. He could borrow significant power, enough to counter a Sequence 4 demigod. If necessary, he could even temporarily exert the strength of Sequence 3. With the cooperation of Franca, Jenna, and the others, and the “help” of Morora’s archbishop and hundreds of thousands of residents, they might repel or even kill Voisin Sanson and Higdon.</p>
<p>More importantly, 0-01 repelled the approach of demigods above Sequence 5, likely causing terrifying mutations. The first targets would inevitably be those two Saints!</p>
<p>Lumian used his Spirit World Traversal ability obtained from the Abscessed Hand, leveraging his special connection with 0-01. Holding on to Jenna, Anthony, and the others who hadn’t let go, he disappeared from the spot, “transporting” to some deep part of the special mirror world.</p>
<p>Suddenly, he felt the world rejecting him, as if an invisible barrier had appeared ahead.</p>
<p>He was forced out of the Spirit World Traversal state, and several figures simultaneously materialized in a gloomy, dark town ruin.</p>
<p>The path to Morora was blocked.</p>
<p>It seemed the higher powers within the Mirror People did this. Their control over the special mirror world was clearly superior to the Black Tear.</p>
<p>Lumian thought for a moment, seeing that Voisin Sanson and the others hadn’t caught up yet. He immediately tossed the Black Tear forehead accessory to Franca, speaking calmly, “You lead them through the mirrors, constantly shifting locations. Wait for a change in the outside world. There has already been a distortion of order; there will surely be similar anomalies soon. When that happens, seize the opportunity to use the mirrors to return to the surface, back to Trier.”</p>
<p>“What about you?” Jenna blurted out.</p>
<p>Lumian chuckled. “Of course, I’ll stay and play with them.</p>
<p>“If I go with you, they’ll definitely chase us relentlessly, giving you no chance to escape the special mirror world. Wouldn’t that mean no one could find reinforcements?”</p>
<p>Jenna’s eyes reddened, and she was about to say something when Lumian sternly interrupted, “Have you forgotten your brother?”</p>
<p>Jenna’s mouth opened slightly, but no words came out.</p>
<p>Lumian nodded and smiled again.</p>
<p>“You need to find Madam Magician and Madam Judgment for me, and provide accurate coordinates.</p>
<p>“Also, you should be able to distract one demigod.”</p>
<p>He didn’t hold back, smiling at Jenna, Franca, and Anthony.</p>
<p>“If I die, remember to avenge me.”</p>
<p>Jenna’s vision blurred with tears. She bit her lip, nodded with difficulty, and squeezed out a word from her throat, “Okay…”</p>
<p>She would avenge Lumian just as she avenged her mother!</p>
<p>Lumian turned to Franca, his expression calm. “Everything else is up to you.”</p>
<p>Franca’s eyes shimmered, her voice hoarse. “Okay.”</p>
<p>Lumian put on the Devil’s Whispers bone ring again and continued speaking to Franca, Jenna, and the others, “You are not the main target, not even secondary. While shifting locations through the mirrors, if Higdon catches up, leave Ludwig somewhere along the way. Let him hide on his own, which should buy you more time.</p>
<p>“Do you have any objections?” he asked Ludwig.</p>
<p>Ludwig shook his head, feeling this was something he had hoped for.</p>
<p>He made one request.</p>
<p>“Can you give me more food?”</p>
<p>With his body burning with blue-purple sulfur flames, Lumian tossed some chocolate and cookies over, then spoke to Anthony, “If Higdon keeps chasing, you can separate from the group.”</p>
<p>Seeing Anthony about to refuse, Lumian smiled.</p>
<p>“Someone has to stay alive to avenge us.</p>
<p>“The one who lives suffers the most. I believe you understand that.”</p>
<p>Anthony cast a Placate spell on himself. “Okay.”</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t say more and urged them, “Go quickly.”</p>
<p>Franca threw the Black Tear back to Lumian. “The Ice Talisman is enough if we’re just shifting locations through mirrors. The Black Tear can leverage the power of the special mirror world and should help you last longer.”</p>
<p>The Demoness of Affliction’s voice choked, feeling the potion digesting rapidly.</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t refuse and quickly wrapped the Black Tear around his left wrist.</p>
<p>Franca immediately took out the ice-crystal-like amulet from the Traveler’s Bag. Without hesitation, she gritted her teeth. “Hold on to me.”</p>
<p>Jenna looked at Lumian with watery eyes and grabbed Franca’s arm. Lugano eagerly moved to Franca’s back.</p>
<p>With a flash of icy light, they disappeared, leaving a falling mirror.</p>
<p>Lumian turned his gaze to the three approaching figures.</p>
<p>The enemies were closing in.</p>
<p>Looking at Voisin Sanson, Higdon, and Harrison, with the Black Tear on his left wrist and the Devil’s Whispers on his right hand, Lumian drew the Sword of Courage from the Traveler’s Bag.</p>
<p>The blue-purple sulfur flames on him immediately turned a bright white with a tinge of green. His back slightly arched.</p>
<p>His eyes deepened in color, locking onto the blonde-haired Voisin Sanson, a clear smile on his face.</p>
<p>He uttered from his throat. “Actually, I’ve been waiting for you for a long time.”</p>
<hr />
<p>Madam Magician, unexpectedly reunited with Madam Judgment and Will Auceptin due to the distortion effect, straightforwardly asked the little boy, “Can you lead us to the medium through which the power of Inevitability is seeping?”</p>
<p>Will Auceptin, chubby-faced and dressed in a child’s suit, showed a troubled expression.</p>
<p>“Given the current situation, anyone not involved in Project Vortex will be influenced by the power of Inevitability, leading to inevitable failure. If I use that die, I might still be able to help you find the target, but it will drain all my accumulated luck. When I get home, I might see Ouroboros waiting for me.</p>
<p>“Do you have any special items that can save my luck or replace the die? I think you should.”</p>
<p>Hearing the archangel of Fate say “should,” The Magician, Justice, and Hermit began to examine their possessions—the latter understanding Will’s words through Miss Justice’s mental communication.</p>
<p>Suddenly, Ma’am Hermit remembered something and produced an iron cigar case from somewhere.</p>
<p>“This was given to me by Queen Mystic. She said she foresaw that this item would provide critical help in the future.”</p>
<p>Madam Magician glanced at it and murmured, “It carries the aura of Mr. Fool.”</p>
<p>Hearing this, Miss Justice made many connections.</p>
<p>She sought confirmation, “Did the Celestial Worthy send subordinates to participate in Project Vortex?”</p>
<p>“Yes,” Madam Magician vaguely understood what Miss Justice meant.</p>
<p>Receiving confirmation, Miss Justice smiled. “The Celestial Worthy participating in Project Vortex means Mr. Fool is involved too, doesn’t it? So…”</p>
<p>She looked at the iron cigar case in Ma’am Hermit’s hand, her voice synchronously echoing in the mind of the Major Arcana card holder.</p>
<p>Ma’am Hermit immediately handed the item to Will.</p>
<p>Will smiled broadly. “It will do!”</p>
<p>The boy then addressed Madam Magician and Miss Justice, “I’ll lead the way.”</p>
<p>Though leading, Will closed His eyes.</p>
<p>Starlight sprinkled down as Madam Magician led everyone present, following Will’s intuition to begin wandering.</p>
<hr />
<p>Deep within the primitive island, amid the pervasive white mist.</p>
<p>Vortex Weaver Perle occasionally glanced at the slowly approaching Shadow of the Beauty Goddess and the miniature crimson moon-like corruption, sometimes at the loosening seal in the waters near Port Santa under coordinated efforts, and sometimes upward at the towering figure of Roselle Gustav in mid-air.</p>
<p>The four beams of light on the horizon, one after another, drew closer.</p>
<p>Perle anticipated that Roselle would perfectly resurrect and return as the Black Emperor. In that case, the great Uncertain Mist would reclaim one of His possessions and have a Sequence 0 true deity as a puppet.</p>
<p>According to Perle’s original plan, the end of the vortex ritual and the completion of the transaction between the Nightstalkers and the Rose School of Thought would allow the great Uncertain Mist to thoroughly corrupt Roselle Gustav. Only then could the deceased Black Emperor be driven to resurrect. At that time, with all transactions concluded and no other forces providing assistance, the resurrection of the Black Emperor would face numerous obstructions, necessitating another vortex.</p>
<p>But now, Roselle Gustav had walked out of the Black Emperor’s mausoleum himself, choosing to resurrect before the vortex ritual ended!</p>
<p>In midair, the first beam finally landed on Roselle, who was in the strange and abstract world, followed by the other three.</p>
<p>An indescribable light suddenly burst forth.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
