<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch875.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-869-the-final-lesson" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 869: The Final Lesson</h2>
<p>Trier, inside the botanical garden.</p>
<p>Higdon from the Order of All Extinction saw the two Demonesses disappear. He immediately raised his right hand and scratched at the dark brown age spots on his face.</p>
<p>The spots instantly festered, releasing maggots similar to those that crawl through corpses, oozing a greenish-yellow pus.</p>
<p>The disgusting pus evaporated upon contact with the air, dispersing without a trace.</p>
<p>Jenna had just circled to Higdon’s side, ready to assist Franca in launching an attack. Suddenly, she felt a wave of lethargy, as if stricken by a sickness called “laziness.”</p>
<p>It felt as if her desires were wilting, showing signs of decay, and as if parts of her brain were beginning to malfunction.</p>
<p>Following her instinct, Jenna immediately used her Mirror Substitution, not waiting for the problem to worsen and trigger it passively.</p>
<p>The sound of two simultaneous cracks echoed. Franca, who had been sneaking up on Higdon under the cover of Invisibility to release the Black Tear plague, reacted the same way.</p>
<p>Their figures first materialized and then quickly transformed into mirrors.</p>
<p>During this process, as Franca and Jenna’s Mirror Substitutes were still forming, their internal organs sprouted noticeable tumors, autonomously drawing nutrients. Blood vessels around the heart and within the brain rapidly became fragile.</p>
<p>If the Demonesses used pathogens to control diseases, then Higdon’s pathway seemed to represent the pathogens themselves, the very essence of disease.</p>
<p>If Franca and Jenna hadn’t actively triggered their Mirror Substitution, it would have been much more difficult to deal with the actual tissue changes in their bodies. They would need to perform a ritual, praying to the Primordial Demoness or a corresponding Angel to transfer the disease to a designated mirror, or one would need to stick to the target while the other left the area, allowing Lugano to perform surgery combined with the Doctor’s abilities for treatment.</p>
<p>Meanwhile, the disease had not yet spread. Voisin Sanson, with his blond hair flecked with white, had already found several manipulable fragments within Ludwig’s mercury-like River of Fate.</p>
<p>As long as he didn’t touch the most critical parts of the Angel’s fate, he needn’t fear backlash or losing control on the spot.</p>
<p>Similarly, his godhood allowed him to observe most of Ludwig’s fate without peering into fragments containing dangerous scenes or knowledge.</p>
<p>Midway through his dash, Ludwig opened his mouth and extended his hand, intending to strip away the Circle Inhabitant’s power from his target. At this moment, Voisin Sanson, who had already raised his arm, gently pressed down, magnifying a specific tributary of fate from a distance.</p>
<p><em>Thud!</em></p>
<p>Ludwig, the little boy, tripped over a protruding stone and fell flat on his face.</p>
<p>Simultaneously manipulating fate, Voisin Sanson directed his gaze towards Lumian, who had transformed into a blazing white-blue flame spear.</p>
<p>His eyes glowed, instantly emitting two ghostly green beams.</p>
<p>This was a newly contracted ability Voisin Sanson had recently acquired.</p>
<p>The main issue with the Inevitability pathway’s Contractee was that the strength of contracted abilities could not surpass the contracted creature’s potential. This meant that early-stage contracted abilities were hard to enhance unless the initial contract was with a demigod-level creature, constrained only by one’s own spirit and flesh from utilizing the ability to its fullest. This could potentially enhance the contracted ability with each sequence advancement.</p>
<p>Below Sequence 4, without the qualitative factor of godhood, even Sequence 7 or 8 level contracted abilities could participate in Sequence 5 level battles and play significant roles. However, at Sequence 4, facing opponents of the same level, most of these abilities would struggle to be effective, necessitating new suitable contracted creatures.</p>
<p>The ghostly green beams struck the blazing white-blue flame spear directly, giving Lumian no time to dodge.</p>
<p>Yet, the spear contained no trace of Lumian.</p>
<p>As the fiery spear rapidly withered and extinguished, only scattered flames remained within.</p>
<p>As the figures of the two Demonesses reappeared within the cabin’s ruins, Lumian, wielding the Sword of Courage, materialized behind Voisin Sanson.</p>
<p>Teleport!</p>
<p>After the Abscessed Hand regained a complete body, Lumian’s Spirit World Traversal ability had significantly enhanced!</p>
<p>At this moment, a translucent figure climbed out from Voisin Sanson’s back.</p>
<p>The figure resembled Voisin Sanson but was colder and more indifferent.</p>
<p>This was another ability Voisin Sanson had contracted after becoming a Circle Inhabitant, belonging to the domain of death.</p>
<p>He had always guarded against Lumian’s teleportation sneak attacks from behind!</p>
<p>Although this would likely trigger the Circle Inhabitant’s effect, he still had to guard against the unexpected. Moreover, it could be used as a trap.</p>
<p>As the cold, indifferent Voisin Sanson specter rushed towards him, Lumian’s thoughts began to sink, his body cooling. The blazing white-blue flames on the Sword of Courage gradually dimmed.</p>
<hr />
<p>On the primitive island housing the Black Emperor mausoleum, within the thick white fog.</p>
<p>Perle’s ever-changing face cast its gaze on three light points.</p>
<p>The next phase was the most crucial part of Project Vortex.</p>
<p>As Perle’s face shifted, two of the three light points suddenly expanded.</p>
<p>One revealed a villa shrouded in white fog, permeated with a blood-red figure yet enveloped in divine light;</p>
<p>The other was hazy, as if a figure hung suspended in mid-air, wrapped in yellowing bandages, pierced entirely by countless brownish branches, with thorns and rosebushes entwined. Though constantly intertwining, the roses and thorns continuously wilted and fell.</p>
<p>The suspended figure’s belly occasionally swelled and deflated, as if new life was stirring within.</p>
<p>Beside the figure stood a massive tree covered in black tar-like substance. Its limbs, serving as branches, sprouted eerie, terrifying hands, with countless bloodshot black and white eyes rolling over its surface.</p>
<p>Another light point had already expanded, revealing a member of the School of Deliciousness, Topsy, devouring an invisible seal over the ocean.</p>
<hr />
<p>Inside the dim Black Emperor mausoleum.</p>
<p>Hearing her father’s question, Bernadette remained silent for two seconds before saying, “I will do my best to prevent it.”</p>
<p>Roselle looked at his eldest daughter and smiled with a sigh. “Everyone makes mistakes. In my youth, no, even until I was trapped here, afraid to resurrect, I kept making mistakes, doing many wrong things, some even bad. Only when I resided in this mausoleum, occasionally gaining some peace and clarity, did I finally reflect seriously on my past life, realizing some of my choices caused a lot of unnecessary harm. Of course, I also did many right things, many good things.”</p>
<p>Seeing Bernadette’s expression turn gloomy yet stubborn, Roselle affectionately raised his right hand, pressing down. “Don’t blame yourself too much. I’m actually very happy and relieved about your choices and actions. Seeing my little princess willing to defy her long-held principle of ‘do as you wish, but do no harm,’ willing to risk falling into the abyss to save her old father, makes me genuinely happy and relieved. It shows I didn’t love you in vain, that my family life wasn’t such a failure!”</p>
<p>The increasingly clear figure stood up from the massive black iron chair.</p>
<p>He descended the platform, walking to Bernadette, opening his arms.</p>
<p>Bernadette, momentarily dazed, felt like a child again, instinctively throwing herself into her father’s embrace, feeling that familiar yet no longer warm broad chest.</p>
<p>After a brief hug, Roselle stroked Bernadette’s chestnut hair, then walked past her, heading towards the mausoleum’s entrance, his figure growing larger.</p>
<p>“Dad?” Bernadette turned, calling out instinctively.</p>
<p>Roselle turned his head, smiling. “The vortex ritual has already begun. Due to the unique characteristics of the Uncertain Mist’s pathway, it will be hard to stop the subsequent transactions from proceeding. Even if you want to kill that woman, it’s unlikely to be accomplished.</p>
<p>“But it doesn’t matter, Dad will handle it.”</p>
<p>Bernadette suddenly understood her father’s intention. She took a step forward, trying to catch up, but found the distance between them unbridgeable.</p>
<p>Meanwhile, she urgently shouted, “Dad, your corruption isn’t balanced yet! If the vortex ritual is disrupted, you won’t be able to return to your previous state!”</p>
<p>Roselle stopped at the mausoleum’s entrance, smiling at his anxious, panicked, and pained daughter.</p>
<p>Raising his arm, he said with spirited enthusiasm, “I was an emperor for many years, stood at the pinnacle of human power. I faced true gods, fought Angels, had followers willing to die for me.</p>
<p>“I brought the light of civilization to that era. Even after a century of death, countless people still recite my name. I slept with many beautiful women and controlled countless destinies. Even after my downfall, no longer an emperor, my daughter is still willing to sacrifice everything to save me, to revive me!</p>
<p>“What regrets could I possibly have in this life?”</p>
<p>Bernadette heard the finality in her father’s tone, her eyes reddening, her voice choking, “Dad!”</p>
<p>She used every ability to close the distance, but it was as insurmountable as the separation of heaven and earth.</p>
<p>Roselle’s nearly clear face showed a gentle smile. “Bernadette, do you remember when you were little, and Dad often gave you lessons?”</p>
<p>Tears welled up in Bernadette’s eyes, her vision blurring. “I remember. You taught me words, filled my mind with knowledge, told me many, many fairy tales…”</p>
<p>Queen Mystic’s face was streaked with glistening tears.</p>
<p>Roselle nodded in satisfaction. “I remember too.”</p>
<p>He continued with a slight smile, “Today, Dad will give you one last lesson.”</p>
<p>Roselle’s expression grew solemn as he looked at Bernadette and declared, “A true gentleman knows what to do and what not to do!”</p>
<p>With that, Roselle turned away, no longer looking at Bernadette.</p>
<p>The Black Emperor mausoleum’s doors swung open instantly.</p>
<p>The outside light shone in, illuminating Roselle’s giant figure, his black armor, and luxurious cloak.</p>
<p>Bright and radiant.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
