<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch879.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-873-the-predestined-battle" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 873: The Predestined Battle</h2>
<p>In the special mirror world, seeing that only Lumian was ahead, Higdon immediately looked towards Voisin Sanson.</p>
<p>Voisin Sanson took off a ring that looked like it was made of glass and tossed it to the demigod of the Order of All Extinction.</p>
<p>Harrison, standing to the side, spoke in somewhat awkward Intisian, “This world will guide you.”</p>
<p>At this moment, Lumian, engulfed in blazing white-blue flames, charged forward with the Sword of Courage in hand.</p>
<p>After catching the glass-like ring, Higdon immediately activated it.</p>
<p>In this almost completely dark town ruin, as if covered by something from above, various mirror-like objects suddenly lit up. Higdon’s figure was then enveloped in a transparent light and thrown into one of the mirrors, chasing after Ludwig and the others.</p>
<p>Lumian had only taken a few steps before he suddenly disappeared from the spot.</p>
<p>Behind Voisin Sanson, a ball of blazing white-blue flame quickly appeared, expanding rapidly and forming into a burning figure wielding a giant flaming sword.</p>
<p>The Circle Inhabitant was not surprised. A semi-transparent figure resembling him but colder and more indifferent emerged from behind him.</p>
<p>This was Voisin Sanson’s new contract ability, “Death’s Summon!”</p>
<p>The blazing white-blue figure quickly dimmed as the semi-transparent upper body approached, extinguishing the flames one by one.</p>
<p>However, Lumian himself was not within this figure.</p>
<p>At Voisin Sanson’s feet, the shadows cast by the flames came to life eerily, transforming into a sticky black liquid that seemed to condense from the darkest desires and emotions of the human heart, surging upwards.</p>
<p>It first wrapped around Voisin Sanson’s legs, then quickly spread to his torso.</p>
<p>Desire Incarnation!</p>
<p>Lumian’s previous attack from behind was merely a distraction for Voisin Sanson. The real killing move was the Desire Incarnation from the Devil’s Whispers bone ring. This allowed the various chaotic corruptions and seals within him to play a significant role in battle.</p>
<p>So, when he teleported behind Voisin Sanson, he used the flaming figure he had created as a cover, turned into a shadow creature, and slipped into the shadows under the target’s feet, activating the Devil’s Whispers bone ring from Hisoka.</p>
<p>As for the other enemy present, the courageous Lumian did not pay him any mind.</p>
<p>Before drawing the Sword of Courage, he had already planned his battle strategy: With Ludwig, Franca and the others should be able to divert Higdon. Lumian only needed to deal with Voisin Sanson and Harrison. Though Harrison was not a demigod and lacked godhood, his abilities were strange and varied, making it just as difficult to kill him quickly as to severely injure Voisin Sanson.</p>
<p>Thus, the primary target had to be the Circle Inhabitant Voisin Sanson. Lumian would rely on the quicker and more frequently usable Spirit World Traversal to constantly flash around, avoiding being caught by Harrison, who might steal his items or crucial abilities.</p>
<p>During this process, the mystical plague from the Black Tear forehead accessory would naturally spread, covering the area. Lumian believed it would be highly effective against Harrison’s Paper Figurine Substitutes. Harrison might use the Paper Figurine Substitutes to avoid the occult diseases, but as long as he stayed on the battlefield, he would continue to be infected. The Paper Figurine Substitutes would eventually be exhausted, and over time, the damage rate would increase dramatically.</p>
<p>Just as the sticky black liquid covered Voisin Sanson, his body suddenly became blurry.</p>
<p>Lumian’s mind fogged momentarily, and by the time he cleared up, Voisin Sanson had already put several meters between them, showing no signs of the Desire Incarnation’s terrifying corruption affecting him.</p>
<p>This was another application of the Circle Inhabitant’s ability.</p>
<p>This time, Voisin Sanson hadn’t included the entire town ruin in the Circle Inhabitant effect, only treating his own body. Just like Lumian resetting his physical and spiritual state every morning at six o’clock, Voisin Sanson’s trigger was set to near-death or when suffering a fatal attack.</p>
<p>The Desire Incarnation attack had triggered the Circle Inhabitant effect, allowing Voisin Sanson to recover and use the brief moment of Lumian’s distraction to create distance. Otherwise, he would have continued to be engulfed by the sticky black liquid.</p>
<p>Next, a ghostly green light condensed in Voisin Sanson’s eyes and shot towards the recovering black liquid.</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t have time to teleport and could only swiftly animate his shadow, swapping places with it.</p>
<p>As soon as the beam appeared, it hit the shadow, causing it to disintegrate instantly with no room for struggle.</p>
<p>Almost simultaneously, Voisin Sanson extended his right hand.</p>
<p>His eyes were dyed with a silver-black hue, reflecting a silently flowing mercury river.</p>
<p>This was the River of Fate, belonging to Lumian.</p>
<p>Voisin Sanson, the Circle Inhabitant, intended to exchange a segment of Lumian’s fate.</p>
<p>After dodging the green beam, Lumian fearlessly teleported to Voisin Sanson’s side once more.</p>
<p><em>Heh, trying Fate Exchange?</em></p>
<p><em>No problem!</em></p>
<p><em>As long as I knock you into a reset, your attempt will fail!</em></p>
<p>Lumian raised the iron-black straight sword, blazing with white-blue flames, and slashed heavily at Voisin Sanson.</p>
<p>Cull!</p>
<p>At that moment, Harrison finally found an opportunity. He reached out his right hand and lightly grabbed, Stealing this attack.</p>
<p>Blazing white-blue flames appeared on his body, and a giant flaming sword formed in his hand.</p>
<p><em>Bang!</em></p>
<p>From over ten meters away, Harrison slashed the flaming giant sword at Lumian, producing a fierce explosion.</p>
<p>Lumian, undaunted, turned to face the roaring flames and swung the Sword of Courage once more.</p>
<p>Another Cull!</p>
<p><em>Rumble!</em></p>
<p>The white-blue flames and the terrifying shockwave clashed, the violent windstorm wreaking havoc in the ruins, lifting stones and igniting wood.</p>
<p>Harrison was engulfed by the returning flaming windstorm, his body quickly degenerating into a sinister paper figurine with drawn features.</p>
<p>This paper figurine’s surface was marked with red and yellow rust, which quickly burned to ash in the white-blue flames.</p>
<p>As Harrison’s figure reappeared at the edge of the storm, Lumian, with his enhanced physique from 0-01 and the Sword of Courage absorbing damage, did not retreat a single step and locked onto Voisin Sanson again.</p>
<p>His eyes turned iron-black, searching for the weak point on Voisin Sanson.</p>
<p>He raised the Sword of Courage once more, conjuring several white-blue Fire Ravens behind him.</p>
<p>At this moment, thanks to Harrison’s delay, Voisin Sanson completed all the prerequisites for the Fate Exchange. Soon, he would just wait for the time to pass and welcome the final outcome. If Lumian hadn’t possessed a false Angel rank, Voisin Sanson could have started the exchange directly after choosing the desired segment from the River of Destiny without taking extra time.</p>
<p><em>Bang!</em></p>
<p>Lumian slashed the Sword of Courage down on Voisin Sanson’s head, and the white-blue Fire Ravens circled, covering the surrounding area.</p>
<p><em>You can use the Circle Inhabitant ability to restore your state, but I can target you with area attacks and delayed assaults right after you recover!</em></p>
<p><em>A few more resets, and you will reach your inevitable end!</em></p>
<p><em>Boom!</em></p>
<p>Voisin Sanson’s body blurred again, causing Lumian’s thoughts to become hazy.</p>
<p>Using the Circle Inhabitant effect, Voisin Sanson recovered from the damage caused by the Sword of Courage. However, the white-blue Fire Ravens continued to follow their predetermined paths, landing in different spots.</p>
<p>Suddenly, Voisin Sanson’s figure vanished from the spot.</p>
<p>As the crows exploded one after another, the Circle Inhabitant’s figure reappeared about forty meters away.</p>
<p><em>You may be able to teleport, but I also have teleportation from my contract!</em></p>
<p>Lumian’s figure quickly appeared beside Voisin Sanson, relentlessly pursuing him.</p>
<p>His eyes turned silver-black, reflecting Voisin Sanson’s mercurial River of Fate.</p>
<p>He extended his left hand, pushing the illusory River of Destiny towards the tributary where Voisin Sanson couldn’t escape the subsequent attacks, while slashing with the Sword of Courage, creating more white-blue fireballs.</p>
<p>Had he found the right choice, Lumian would have used Compelling Fate to directly disrupt Voisin Sanson’s Circle Inhabitant effect.</p>
<p><em>Rumble!</em></p>
<p>Lumian’s spirituality was drained by the continuous attacks, forcing him to urgently release the accumulated spirituality. Voisin Sanson was hit by the Sword of Courage and, after recovering, couldn’t teleport away in time, suffering from the barrage of white-blue fireballs.</p>
<p>The Circle Inhabitant effect triggered for the fourth time.</p>
<p>Voisin Sanson recovered and teleported to another location.</p>
<p>However, the Fate Exchange did not stop, as only Voisin Sanson’s body and spirituality were included in the Circle Inhabitant effect, not his fate or actions. This was similar to Lumian’s daily reset at six o’clock, which didn’t undo previous actions or invalidate their results.</p>
<p>Lumian relentlessly pursued Voisin Sanson, blinking to his side again.</p>
<p>Voisin Sanson no longer chose to resist head-on. He used his contracted teleportation ability to change his position.</p>
<p>On the other side, Harrison had reverted to a thin, sinister paper figurine, sensing an impending infection.</p>
<p>Lumian continued chasing Voisin Sanson and overtook him with the time gap between teleportation and speed, finding two more opportunities to attack. However, Voisin Sanson either used special abilities to neutralize the attacks or triggered the Circle Inhabitant effect.</p>
<p>Voisin Sanson’s Circle Inhabitant seemed far from reaching its predetermined conclusion.</p>
<p>Even with the Sword of Courage, Lumian felt a certain level of despair—knowing that the Fate Exchange would lead to a very bad outcome, having opportunities to attack the enemy, but unable to stop the exchange and change the impending result.</p>
<p>This might be the meaning of inevitability.</p>
<p>Perhaps a Fate Appropriator needed a Circle Inhabitant to unleash its true horror.</p>
<p>Despair was fleeting; courage once again took hold of Lumian.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
