<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch885.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-879-demoness-of-despair" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 879: Demoness of Despair</h2>
<p>In the next two to three minutes, a large number of exiles poured into the square in front of the Knowledge Cathedral. Some, accidentally bumped into, chose to duel on the spot. Others quietly straightened their necks so they wouldn’t be too crooked. Some sang loudly out of boredom, while others played a game of slapping each other…</p>
<p>Lumian stood on the steps, holding the Beyonder characteristic of the Demoness of Despair, expressionless as he watched these exiled felons.</p>
<p><em>Time is running out…</em> Lumian silently whispered to himself, turning to look at the Knowledge Cathedral once more, but still did not see Archbishop Heraberg of Morora.</p>
<p>Finally resigned, he turned his gaze back to the exiles, who almost filled the square.</p>
<p>There were definitely more than thirty thousand.</p>
<p>Lumian suddenly started laughing, his body trembling with mirth.</p>
<p>Though he seemed to have many choices, considering environmental factors, time constraints, the current situation, and his own obsessions, only one path remained.</p>
<p>The only road before him.</p>
<p>After laughing for over ten seconds, Lumian, dressed in a white shirt, black vest, dark trousers, and laced shoes, stepped down from the steps and walked into the crowd.</p>
<p>The exiles near the Knowledge Cathedral began to feel something was wrong. Their bodies weakened, and when they tried to slap their opponents, it felt more like caressing their faces.</p>
<p>Some instinctively wanted to flee but found their legs powerless, their bodies heavy, moving only slowly.</p>
<p><em>Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh.</em> White-blue fireballs shot out from around Lumian, flying over the exiles infected with mystical diseases and landing at the edges of the square, which the exiles strangely ignored.</p>
<p><em>Rumble!</em></p>
<p>The fireballs exploded simultaneously, surrounding the square in a hell of white flames. The temperature soared, and thick smoke billowed.</p>
<p><em>Thud, thud, thud.</em> Countless exiles, whose conditions had worsened, fell to the ground, watching as other felons with some strength left trampled over them. They stared at the white flames lighting up the sky, inching closer to them.</p>
<p>Pain and despair quickly filled their hearts, consuming their sanity.</p>
<p>Some wanted to call for help but could only make weak sounds.</p>
<p><em>Rumble!</em></p>
<p>Amid continuous explosions, Lumian walked out of the square, into the spreading sea of flames, and into the nearest street.</p>
<p><em>Rumble!</em></p>
<p>The houses on both sides of the street either collapsed under the white-blue fireballs or were directly ignited, rising into fierce flames like torches.</p>
<p>The felons in the square fell one by one, feeling helpless against the disease, experiencing pain and despair, waiting for death.</p>
<p>Lumian took out a glass bottle, placing the Beyonder characteristic of the Demoness of Despair, Plague Mother Serpent’s bile, fragments of a Silver Hunter, blood of various plague victims, and fresh mistletoe into it one by one.</p>
<p>Bubbles gurgled up, and the dark purple potion shimmered with a rosy light.</p>
<p>Lumian gazed at the potion, laughing hoarsely. “Don’t worry, I already know my insignificance. I will embrace despair and the path of the Demoness.</p>
<p>“But this is to avoid being manipulated in the future, to choose my own ending!”</p>
<p>With that, he walked forward, raising the bottle to his lips and tilting his head back to drink.</p>
<p>The exiles still standing in the square suddenly felt their pain and despair condense into something tangible, turning into invisible threads extending toward the burning street, toward the figure with his back to them.</p>
<p>They finally “awoke,” but were too sick to fight the perpetrator. Some were even already engulfed by flames, burning their bodies.</p>
<p>They saw the figure walking step by step among the burning buildings, walking through the hellish streets, under the bright red sky. His hair floated up, growing longer, blacker, and thicker.</p>
<p>In the air, two stars seemed to light up, and the white-blue flames in the area suddenly turned pitch black.</p>
<p>This blackness spread like a flood, quickly drowning all light, making the fiery hell quiet, deep, and dark.</p>
<hr />
<p>In the special mirror world, in the dark scene of the abandoned park where Franca and others fought against Higdon of the Order of All Extinction.</p>
<p>Covered in greenish-yellow mucus, Higdon had split into four, each seeking different targets, while black flames of the Demoness burned quietly around Franca and Jenna.</p>
<p>The black flames burned the spirituality of the disease but were dimmed by the decaying power, eventually extinguishing.</p>
<p>If it weren’t for discovering that Higdon’s disease, having some spirituality, could be ignited by the Demoness’s black flames to slow its spread and intensity, Franca believed she and Jenna would have already exhausted their Mirror Substitutes and awaited death.</p>
<p>Meanwhile, the Pride Armor played a crucial role, almost unaffected by Higdon’s diseases, and not corroded by the decaying power. It remained energetic, chasing down Higdon whenever he dared to attack from behind, occasionally unleashing a Hurricane of Light.</p>
<p>During the battle, Franca and Jenna noticed another problem.</p>
<p>They couldn’t tell if it was because Higdon had no brain or if the demigod was just unlucky, but his Certain Death attacks often missed.</p>
<p>Combined, the two Demonesses and Anthony, who used his Psychological Invisibility to stay out of the decaying range, barely managed to hold on for nearly nine minutes before Higdon—a demigod. Occasionally, they even felt that Higdon lacked the oppressive presence of a true demigod, seeming like a poor-quality product.</p>
<p>But even so, they couldn’t find an opportunity to escape and discovered that their enemies were multiplying—from two at the start to four now, with one splitting off to find Ludwig.</p>
<p>Moreover, although individual Higdon fragments seemed weaker than a true demigod, each fragment retained the same level of power, making them collectively terrifying. Franca guessed the number of splits should have a limit, but not too many.</p>
<p><em>I have two Mirror Substitutes left. Jenna probably has one… Anthony, although attacked less and outside the range, only had two to begin with and has used one…</em> Franca analyzed the situation quickly while constantly repositioning to avoid Higdon’s sudden Sure Hit attacks.</p>
<p>As for Lugano, when Higdon blocked him at the start, Franca signaled him to run as far as he could and hide.</p>
<p>It proved to be the right call. Higdon’s targets were Ludwig and the two Demonesses, making no effort to stop Lugano from fleeing and not splitting more Higdons to chase him.</p>
<p><em>Continuous use of black flames is also draining our spirituality. Jenna and I can’t hold on much longer…</em> Franca considered whether to use the last Mirror Traversal of the Ice Amulet now to delay for a while and see if there would be a turning point.</p>
<p>It could also give Anthony a chance to survive.</p>
<p>The Hypnotist was also not Higdon’s target and had Psychological Invisibility.</p>
<p>Just as Franca was about to signal Jenna to approach, she suddenly saw greenish-yellow drops forming behind Jenna, quickly condensing into Higdon.</p>
<p>Almost simultaneously, Franca noticed from Jenna’s worried expression that something was happening behind her too.</p>
<p>Without hesitation, both Demonesses activated Mirror Substitution.</p>
<p>The next second, two Higdons spread out like dirty, slimy “blankets,” wrapping Franca and Jenna in a Sure Hit.</p>
<p>A cracking sound followed.</p>
<p>Meanwhile, Anthony, quietly lurking at the edge of the park, leaning against a half-wall, suddenly saw a greenish-yellow mucus-covered Higdon appear beside him.</p>
<p>He had been discovered after all.</p>
<p>Higdon pushed with both hands, sending a greenish-black light ball towards Anthony.</p>
<p><em>Crack!</em></p>
<p>Anthony used his last Mirror Substitution, his figure appearing behind this Higdon.</p>
<p>Seeing this, Anthony had an epiphany.</p>
<p><em>An opportunity!</em></p>
<p>He didn’t flee but raised his Winter is Coming revolver, aimed at Higdon, and pulled the trigger.</p>
<p>Certain Death!</p>
<p>A yellowish bullet, tinged with dim green, crossed the short distance, hitting Higdon.</p>
<p>Covered in greenish-yellow mucus, Higdon froze, his body quickly disintegrating into small drops, falling to the ground without any spirituality.</p>
<p>This Higdon was dead.</p>
<p>But the other three Higdons remained unaffected.</p>
<p>After confirming this, Franca and Jenna felt utter despair.</p>
<p>Their previous plan involved the two Demonesses as bait, giving Anthony a chance to shoot one Higdon with the Certain Death bullet, hoping to kill all Higdons.</p>
<p>Unexpectedly, the Certain Death effect only worked on the one hit.</p>
<p>Moments later, they saw the Pride Armor hit by a Certain Death attack, metal fragments falling from its chest, standing still.</p>
<p>Jenna gritted her teeth, ready to forgo the ritual and gamble on forcibly advancing by consuming the ingredients of the Demoness of Affliction.</p>
<p>At least it would restore her spirituality.</p>
<p>Even if she failed, she could turn into a monster, giving Franca a chance to escape.</p>
<p>Before Jenna could reach into her Traveler’s Bag, another figure appeared at the edge of the area.</p>
<p>It was Voisin Sanson, with his blond hair turning white, who had chased them here!</p>
<p>Jenna and Franca’s hearts sank rapidly. Jenna no longer hesitated.</p>
<p>At this moment, above one of the Higdons, a black iron sword, burning with white-blue flames, suddenly fell from the sky, accurately piercing the top of this Higdon’s head.</p>
<p><em>Boom!</em></p>
<p>This Higdon exploded into fragments, the spreading white-blue flames turning into silent blackness, engulfing each piece.</p>
<p>The fragments never reappeared, and a figure quickly appeared in the eyes of Franca, Jenna, and Anthony.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
