<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch887.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-881-three-times" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 881: Three Times</h2>
<p>Voisin Sanson felt there was no warmth in the voice’s laughter, and he suddenly shuddered, snapping back to reality.</p>
<p>His first reaction was to quickly teleport out of this area, because Lumian had become a potion pathway demigod, and still had three companions assisting him. Meanwhile, Sanson’s ally, the other demigod Higdon, had been completely killed by Lumian in a very short time.</p>
<p>No matter how devoutly he believed in the great Circle of Inevitability, no matter how urgently he longed to rescue Lord Termiboros, the Angel of Inevitability, today, Voisin Sanson was not so blind as to misread the current situation.</p>
<p>He knew he only had two choices: stay and fight to the death, or flee quickly and wait for another opportunity.</p>
<p>At this moment, it was not difficult to decide which to choose.</p>
<p>As the black mark on his body activated, Voisin Sanson’s figure disappeared from where he stood.</p>
<p>The next second, he appeared dozens of meters away, facing a dark, transparent, almost glass-like barrier ahead.</p>
<p>The barrier flickered in and out of visibility, sealing off an area the size of a plaza.</p>
<p>Lumian, his body now slightly slimmer, held the huge iron-black straight sword and did not stop Voisin Sanson’s attempt. He only said in a slightly mocking tone, “This is the special mirror world, and a demigod-level Demoness can utilize the power of this world to some extent.</p>
<p>“If you want to break the mirror barrier and ‘teleport’ out, there’s only one way—defeat me, kill me.”</p>
<p>Voisin Sanson struggled for a moment but failed to succeed. He had no choice but to turn around and face Lumian.</p>
<p>Then he saw the other reveal a beautiful but dangerous smile.</p>
<p>Lumian did not act immediately, because he was listening to the beating of his own heart.</p>
<p>The seal of Mr. Fool on him had lost its effect, but Amon had left some power in the original position, preventing the soul fragments of Aurore and others from leaking out and perishing completely.</p>
<p>Of course, this was only a temporary restriction. In two or three days at most, the seal would completely dissipate.</p>
<p>And because of the vast difference in strength between the two seals, Lumian felt that the distance between himself and his sister had shortened considerably, as if he could hear her voice and receive her thoughts.</p>
<p><em>Thump, thump, thump.</em></p>
<p>That heartbeat was familiar and warm.</p>
<p>“Do you see? Voisin Sanson is right in front of us, that heretic who always made you have nightmares, who scared you into fleeing Trier.</p>
<p>“Do you see? He’s afraid.”</p>
<p>Lumian whispered these two sentences with a gentle expression, then raised his head and cast his gaze toward Voisin Sanson.</p>
<p>During this process, he teleported several times in succession, changing his position to prevent Voisin Sanson’s attacks from affecting him.</p>
<p>Lumian slightly arched his back and gripped the Sword of Courage with both hands.</p>
<p>The next second, his figure suddenly faded, blinking to the front of Voisin Sanson, seemingly intending to ignore the other’s counterattack and forcibly cleave the target in two.</p>
<p>Voisin Sanson did not hesitate because of how beautiful this image was or how alluring this figure was. Relying on the endurance ability of an Ascetic, he concentrated dark green light in his eyes.</p>
<p>As the beam surged forth, Lumian had already become transparent, turning into a mirror.</p>
<p><em>Smack!</em></p>
<p>Just as the mirror shattered, Lumian’s figure appeared behind Voisin Sanson, maintaining the downward slashing motion with the iron-black straight sword.</p>
<p>Voisin Sanson quickly let the semi-transparent figure resembling himself emerge, staring at Lumian.</p>
<p>But Lumian’s figure suddenly became illusory, as if reflected in a mirror.</p>
<p>At the same time, Lumian materialized above Voisin Sanson’s head, holding the iron-black straight sword burning with white-blue flames; he completed the last motion of this attack with a jumping slash.</p>
<p><em>Clang!</em></p>
<p>The Sword of Courage struck the junction between Voisin Sanson’s neck and shoulder, directly cleaving open the skin and flesh gleaming with metallic luster, staining it with bright red blood.</p>
<p>Immediately after, a violent explosion occurred, and Voisin Sanson’s body was about to be torn apart.</p>
<p>At this moment, Lumian was slightly dazed, while Voisin Sanson instantly returned to his original state, teleporting to the other side of the sealed area.</p>
<p>Lumian did not pursue closely, but turned his body to face the white-haired fatalist and said with a smile, “First time.”</p>
<p>Voisin Sanson immediately felt his scalp tingle, understanding that the other meant he had already killed him once, with many more times to come.</p>
<p>He immediately activated a contract ability called “Phantom”.</p>
<p>He suddenly split into dozens of copies of himself, and each Voisin Sanson seemed capable of teleporting, appearing in different positions and corners of the sealed area.</p>
<p>They simultaneously raised their right hands, their eyes reflecting the corresponding mercury-colored illusory river of Lumian.</p>
<p>This could be either Magnified Fate or Fate Exchange!</p>
<p>And Lumian seemed unable to distinguish which Voisin Sanson was real, unable to effectively prevent it.</p>
<p>Lumian’s light blue eyes smiled without mirth.</p>
<p>He glanced at the Sword of Courage and found that Voisin Sanson’s blood, which should have stained it, had disappeared, as if returning to the body of that Circle Inhabitant.</p>
<p>Lumian was not surprised. He suddenly threw the Sword of Courage, hurling it towards the center of the sealed area.</p>
<p>The huge iron-black straight sword fell to the ground like a cannonball.</p>
<p><em>Rumble!</em></p>
<p>A massive explosion suddenly occurred, shaking even the special mirror world, and white-blue flames quickly covered every inch of ground and every bit of air in the sealed area.</p>
<p>This was why Lumian had limited the battlefield to the size of a plaza.</p>
<p>The phantoms created by Voisin Sanson were quickly destroyed. After struggling to resist for two seconds, his true body shattered, triggering the Circle Inhabitant effect.</p>
<p>Lumian himself was also engulfed by the explosion, the flames scorching his skin, the shockwave tearing at his body.</p>
<p>Then, he turned into a mirror.</p>
<p>The mirror immediately shattered.</p>
<p>As the explosion quickly subsided, Lumian looked at Voisin Sanson, who was far away from him, and smiled more obviously.</p>
<p>“Second time.”</p>
<p>His clear light blue eyes, like highland lakes, still held no mirth.</p>
<p>As he spoke, invisible spider silk extended from Lumian’s body, binding the hilt of the Sword of Courage and dragging it back.</p>
<p>Realizing that the area-of-effect attack of the iron-black straight sword could completely cover this area, and that none of his contract abilities were sufficient to withstand such an explosion, Voisin Sanson was overcome with a feeling called despair.</p>
<p>Although before chasing here, he had already canceled the previous Circle Inhabitant effect and waited for the restriction to end, resetting the same Circle Inhabitant with nine more chances to trigger, now with seven left, if Lumian were to throw that iron-black straight sword again and again, repeating the area-of-effect explosion from earlier, he didn’t think seven Circle Inhabitant effects would have much significance.</p>
<p>Unless that iron-black straight sword needed some time between such attacks.</p>
<p>Voisin Sanson dared not gamble. He chose to end the Circle Inhabitant effect on himself.</p>
<p>His right hand pressed towards Lumian’s approaching figure from a distance, and silver-white lines with black edges appeared in his eyes.</p>
<p>These lines twisted like snakes, framing Lumian’s figure in the middle, then quickly connected head to tail.</p>
<p>Voisin Sanson wanted to make Lumian a Circle Inhabitant!</p>
<p>Different types of Circle Inhabitant effects didn’t need to wait for restrictions to end.</p>
<p>And in the same time period, Voisin Sanson, at only Sequence 4, could maintain only one “Circle”.</p>
<p>His preset condition now was that if Lumian made any move to attack him, it would trigger the Circle Inhabitant effect, resetting the state of this Demoness of Despair—such harsh conditions couldn’t be placed on an area-of-effect Circle Inhabitant, and would be suppressed by the target’s level, not achieving the best effect, unlike the area-of-effect Circle Inhabitant which could affect even Angel-level Beyonders.</p>
<p>The Inevitability power Voisin Sanson attached to this Circle Inhabitant could only maintain three cycles. Once it exceeded three times and started the fourth, the destined fate would arrive.</p>
<p>Of course, what exactly this destined fate would be needed to be chosen by Voisin Sanson himself.</p>
<p>Because he had to complete this “Circle” quickly, otherwise Lumian could launch an attack first, Voisin Sanson had no time to discern carefully. He just glanced and chose a tributary from Lumian’s illusory mercury-colored long river, placing it into the circle.</p>
<p>It was the tributary of the Mirror People being hostile to this Demoness of Despair, which could help Voisin Sanson destroy the surrounding mirror barriers, giving him a chance to teleport and escape.</p>
<p>The worse the destined fate, the worse the final result, the more Inevitability power Voisin Sanson had to invest, and the longer it would take to complete the Circle Inhabitant, which was not suitable for the current situation.</p>
<p>As soon as this “circle” was completed, Lumian immediately had a spiritual intuition and put down the Sword of Courage in his hand, no longer advancing.</p>
<p>Seeing this, Voisin Sanson instinctively concentrated dark green light in his eyes.</p>
<p>Those two beams shot out like light, instantly falling on Lumian, who once again turned into a mirror, his body materializing not far from his original position.</p>
<p>Seeing this, Voisin Sanson suddenly froze.</p>
<p><em>Why didn’t Harrison and I think of using this method to trap Lumian when facing his attacks?</em></p>
<p><em>That way we could have resolved the battle faster, without needing to be killed several times…</em></p>
<p>And now, he still had who knows how many Mirror Substitutions.</p>
<p>Voisin Sanson quickly decided to provoke Lumian to attack. His eyes once again lit up with a dark green hue.</p>
<p>Just then, even with the endurance of an Ascetic, Voisin Sanson couldn’t help but cough once, causing the dark green beam in his eyes to deviate from its target and fall on the distant mirror barrier.</p>
<p>The barrier was slightly damaged but instantly repaired itself.</p>
<p>Voisin Sanson began to feel his body weakening, each breath feeling like his airways were being scorched by flames.</p>
<p>His spirituality was also rapidly depleting.</p>
<p><em>Disease… I’ve been infected by the Demoness’s disease!</em> Voisin Sanson suddenly raised his head, just in time to see Lumian reveal a mocking but beautiful smile.</p>
<p>“Why did you think the explosion and incineration from earlier could directly kill my mystical pathogens?</p>
<p>“They can persist for quite a while longer.”</p>
<p>Voisin Sanson’s heart tightened, and he frantically attacked Lumian, but only managed to shatter three or four mirrors.</p>
<p>And with each ineffective attack, Voisin Sanson grew more desperate. He seemed to already see the worst outcome approaching, yet was powerless to reverse it, only able to watch helplessly as the bell of death tolled.</p>
<p>He even tried to metallize his body, but the disease could still infect him, eating into him.</p>
<p><em>Cough, cough, cough!</em></p>
<p>After many more attempts, Voisin Sanson finally lost the strength to stand. He collapsed to the ground, coughing violently as he fell.</p>
<p>He no longer had the power to maintain the Circle Inhabitant effect on Lumian.</p>
<p>Lumian walked step by step to the front of this Circle Inhabitant, looking down at him from above, and said with a mocking smile, “Only three times?”</p>
<p>Voisin Sanson raised his head with difficulty, looking at that beautiful and cold face, feeling as if he was rapidly falling into a bottomless abyss.</p>
<p>That feeling was the epitome of despair.</p>
<p>Lumian bound Voisin Sanson with a spider web, suspending him in the air, then formed a sharp, thick ice pillar beneath him.</p>
<p>“Goodbye, give my regards to your master,” Lumian said softly, retracting all the spider silk.</p>
<p><em>Pfft!</em></p>
<p>Voisin Sanson fell heavily, impaled by the ice pillar.</p>
<p>His eyes bulged, and blood flowed beneath him.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
