<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch881.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-875-response" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 875: Response</h2>
<p>Madam Magician and the other Major Arcana card holders were again affected by the distortion of order, abruptly emerging from their starry roaming state and floating in midair.</p>
<p>What met their eyes was an unusually bloody altar and countless mutilated corpses.</p>
<p>On the altar, there was also an oil painting depicting a strange cosmos.</p>
<p>Ma’am Hermit, whose hearing was sealed, had a twisted expression and whispered with difficulty, “It’s here, it’s that painting…”</p>
<p>She felt the terrifying voice influencing her growing louder, originating from that oil painting!</p>
<p>“It really works…” The Magician cast her gaze towards the boy, Will Auceptin, who was holding the iron cigar case. It was unclear whether the praise was for the item imbued with Mr. Fool’s aura or the luck she had always envied.</p>
<p>The boy, Will, shrugged and said, “I didn’t expect it to be this effective either.”</p>
<p>As he spoke, Ma’am Hermit forced an ancient spear stained with mottled blood into existence, sending it with destructive intent towards the painting.</p>
<p>But the Spear of Longinus, born of Fairytale Magic, disintegrated into points of light before it could reach the altar.</p>
<p>In Madam Magician’s eyes, brilliant starlight shone.</p>
<p>Around the altar, faint glows outlined a pair of dreamlike doors, attempting to transfer the painting along with the altar outside the barrier, into the deep, dark cosmos.</p>
<p>However, the starlight doors remained motionless, unable to open.</p>
<p>“Those who are not participants in the vortex ritual cannot affect the painting,” Miss Justice said, eying the iron cigar case in Will’s hand, eager to take it and use it as a medium to showcase her physical strength and see if she could damage the painting.</p>
<p>Madam Judgment took the lead, receiving the iron cigar case from Will and holding it in her hand, making it part of her fist.</p>
<p>Immediately, the Major Arcana card holder shouted in ancient Hermes, “Execution!”</p>
<p>Accompanied by this command, Judgment swung her right fist, the iron cigar case gripped in her hand.</p>
<p><em>Bang!</em></p>
<p>The altar dented slightly, but the painting showed no obvious signs of damage.</p>
<p>“There’s some effect, but not much,” Madam Magician accurately assessed.</p>
<p>She took the iron cigar case and tried various abilities herself, but could only cause minor damage to the painting, unable to shake its core effect, as they were not participants in the vortex ritual and could only influence it through the medium—the iron cigar case—which lacked destructive power.</p>
<p>Watching the painting still affecting her and many high-level individuals, Ma’am Hermit could not help but feel anxious.</p>
<hr />
<p>Deep in the primitive island, in the dense white mist before the Black Emperor mausoleum.</p>
<p>As the four beams of light merged into Roselle’s body in midair, Perle’s face was suddenly stretched wide, presenting a comical yet terrifying appearance. The blood-red figure and the miniature crimson moon in the mist retreated strangely, as if going in the wrong direction.</p>
<p>From the light point where the Shadow of the Beauty Goddess emerged, the white mist, which had been nearly purified by the holy pillar, filled again. Saint Viève in midair and the Purifiers outside the villa, including Angoulême, felt an impending collapse of the current order.</p>
<p>The lightless domain instantly twisted, with some darkness seeping in, forming a shadowed side.</p>
<p>Discovering the presence of the Shadow of the Beauty Goddess, Mr. Moon was about to turn into crimson moonlight and illuminate the white mist but found himself rushing into the sky. The Worms of Time split by Pallez, just deciding to return, assess the situation, and unite in deception, got lost in life’s path.</p>
<p>Mr. Hanged Man, riding the gale, suddenly plummeted, nearly losing his flying ability and falling to the ground.</p>
<p>As distortion phenomena appeared to varying degrees worldwide, at the core of the vortex ritual, Perle struggled to raise her head and look up.</p>
<p>At the edge of the abstract, fantastical world, Roselle’s figure, clad in black armor and a luxurious cape, grew larger and clearer, with a crown set with dark gems forming swiftly atop his head.</p>
<p>The surrounding white mist mostly invaded His body, distorting His face, with His eyes a deep blue almost black, a slow-expanding mist.</p>
<p>The Black Emperor had revived in the astral world.</p>
<p>Roselle lowered His head slightly, gazing down, focusing on the white mist before His mausoleum, the torrent connecting Him and the mist, and the face of Perle in the depths of the mist, exuding majesty and depth.</p>
<p>The next moment, the Black Emperor raised His right hand, forming a fist, and gently twisted His wrist.</p>
<p>Distortion!</p>
<p>He forcefully completed a distortion using His authority, the Black Emperor pathway, the special connection with the Uncertain Mist, and the corruption deeply eroding His body and soul, relying on the invisible barrier blocking the Outer Deities.</p>
<p>Perle, deep in the white mist, briefly lost focus, then discovered in shock that the great Uncertain Mist was no longer closely connected with her through the vortex ritual but had shifted to the Black Emperor.</p>
<p>Her object of faith, her ritual foundation, had all been Distorted to Emperor Roselle!</p>
<p>After her initial confusion, Perle quickly felt a surge of fear and despair.</p>
<p>Not only her, but all the Uncertain Mist believers across the continents also saw a thin white mist before their eyes, with a majestic, indistinct figure standing within.</p>
<p>That figure, wearing a crown and black armor, quietly looked down at them.</p>
<p>The Black Emperor’s first act upon revival was to temporarily “take over” all faith directed at the Uncertain Mist!</p>
<p>Of course, this also exposed Him more directly to the Outer Deity outside the barrier.</p>
<p>Another wisp of white mist separated from the surface of a planet, reaching the site of an intense divine battle, using the special environment and its symbolism to penetrate the barrier again, falling upon Emperor Roselle at the edge of the astral world, like a fishing line finally controlling its target.</p>
<p>Roselle’s expression became increasingly distorted.</p>
<p>He continued to gaze at Perle and the Uncertain Mist believers worldwide, speaking in a majestic voice, “The Broker can unite the Outer Deities and has acted, posing a great threat, a crime beyond pardon!”</p>
<p>As He spoke, the Black Emperor’s outstretched right hand opened, as if to grasp something.</p>
<p>After declaring the crime, His right hand clenched abruptly.</p>
<p><em>Bang! Bang! Bang!</em> On the Northern and Southern Continents, the Uncertain Mist believers exploded into blood mist.</p>
<p>This was not the ability of the Judgment domain but the control granted by the boon system, the control of an evil god over His followers!</p>
<p>Temporarily distorting the Uncertain Mist faith, Black Emperor Roselle used this to purge the evil god’s followers, making them feel the wrath of a god, aiming to eliminate them all.</p>
<p>A single Broker might not be dangerous, but their ability to weave all dangers together made them the greatest threat!</p>
<p>“No!” Despite her desperate resistance, Perle exploded uncontrollably within the white mist.</p>
<p>Her face split into different parts like the nose, eyes, mouth, and ears, scattered into the white mist, staining it with a noticeable blood color.</p>
<p>Yet the vortex ritual had not ceased. The Shadow of the Beauty Goddess and the miniature crimson moon continued to approach their target light point, even faster than before.</p>
<p>Silently, the exploded Uncertain Mist believers, in blood mist form, crossed the void, merging into the vortex mist that Perle had become. This accelerated the advance of the Shadow of the Beauty Goddess and the miniature crimson moon, sustaining the ongoing transaction as if other forces were maintaining the ritual.</p>
<p>A characteristic of the Vortex was that all participants contributed power to maintain the ritual until their part of the transaction was complete.</p>
<p>Thus, once the Vortex was formed, destroying it would become increasingly difficult!</p>
<p>Roselle glanced at the white mist connecting Him and the outside barrier, His expression of pain growing more apparent.</p>
<p>He shouted lowly, “Adam! Where are you?</p>
<p>“The Uncertain Mist has made a heavy bet. If you don’t reveal your cards, we’re all doomed!”</p>
<p>Seeing no change around, Roselle paused and continued to roar angrily, “Adam! Are you really waiting for a chance to devour the Eternal Blazing Sun and others?”</p>
<p>Just after Roselle’s low roar, a distant yet gentle voice echoed in His mind, <em>“I’m here.”</em></p>
<hr />
<p>In the special mirror world,</p>
<p>Voisin Sanson watched expectantly and reverently as silver-black light beams shot from the gray-white sheep that Lumian had become, waiting for Lord Termiboros to be completely freed.</p>
<p>The beams wove together in front of him, quickly forming a figure.</p>
<p>The figure was slightly hunched, wearing a black classical robe and a pointed hat of the same color, with a thin face, slightly curly black hair, a broad forehead, and pitch-black eyes.</p>
<p>Just as Lumian was about to activate the Blood Emperor’s residual aura to try and escape the sheep state, he froze upon seeing this figure.</p>
<p><em>Wh—</em></p>
<p>Voisin Sanson and Harrison’s bodies trembled, also becoming stunned.</p>
<p>The figure slowly straightened, not even glancing at Voisin Sanson and Harrison, but turned to look at Lumian.</p>
<p>Without any warning, the sheep’s wool covering Lumian’s body fell off, shrinking back to its original head-covering size.</p>
<p>Lumian remained in shock and bewilderment.</p>
<p>The figure took out a monocle made of crystal and leisurely placed it over his right eye, revealing a slight smile at Lumian,</p>
<p>“You can call me Amon, or…”</p>
<p>The figure’s voice grew majestic and layered, the smile on his face more evident.</p>
<p>“Termiboros.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
