<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch898.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-891-gift-of-the-land" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 891: Gift of the Land</h2>
<p>“The Gift of the Land can make the soil fertile within a 300-kilometer range, make water flow abundant, increase the tendency for life to reproduce, and prevent even the most unfavorable environmental conditions from stopping life from bearing offspring, only reducing the quantity and frequency…</p>
<p>“The Gift of the Land will randomly cause the land within a 300-kilometer range to become desolate, crops to fail completely, and plants to wither. Unless the desolation effect ends, this land will not become fertile again. This can be suppressed by Angel-level abilities similar to purification, limiting the desolation to a very small area, unable to spread…</p>
<p>“If actively used, the Gift of the Land can cause all life within a 30-kilometer range to rapidly drain away until death. Similar abilities outside this domain will also gradually wither and be weakened because of this. Lifeless dead who enter this domain will quickly return to the earth…</p>
<p>“The Gift of the Land can also fill a 50-kilometer range with various toxins, grow various Beyonder plants beneficial to itself. Similarly, it can tame all animals without higher intelligence in this area, and strengthen the tendency for every Beyonder to lose control…</p>
<p>“Through contact, the Gift of the Land can create dolls from soil, plants, lava, ores, and metals, and give them some life and power. The strongest dolls do not exceed Sequence 3, with a maximum of nine demigod-level dolls…</p>
<p>“The Gift of the Land can transform the environment, making even the Abyss suitable for human survival…</p>
<p>“The wielder of the Gift of the Land will truly become one with the land, forests, water flows, mountains, ores, etc. within range, and can use them to traverse, with varying speeds…</p>
<p>“Every time one is hit by the Gift of the Land, they will face a test of losing control, as well as a test of death. If unable to pass, they will either lose control on the spot or die directly…</p>
<p>“The Gift of the Land can temporarily turn the wielder into a mythical creature, but requires the wielder to be able to withstand the impact of mystical knowledge and mad thoughts brought by the corresponding Mythical Creature form…</p>
<p>“The Gift of the Land can give the wielder all female characteristics…</p>
<p>“Life that comes into contact with the Gift of the Land will either be cured of all injuries and diseases, or die instantly. Which outcome occurs cannot be divined beforehand. According to prophecy, females with Omebella’s bloodline who have suffered betrayal by direct relatives will not experience the instant death outcome…</p>
<p>“Those who do not meet the above conditions, even if lucky enough to receive the healing effect, cannot use the Gift of the Land for more than one minute afterwards, otherwise they will lose control or die…</p>
<p>“Those who meet the conditions will still suffer other negative effects…</p>
<p>“Those who understand the above information, if they do not possess godhood, are likely to become pregnant in the coming period, conceiving an unknown creature…</p>
<p>“Note: Except for the prophecy part, all descriptions are based on the City of Silver’s experience, lessons, and understanding.”</p>
<p>After reading the information about the Gift of the Land, Lumian finally understood why only females with Omebella’s bloodline who had suffered betrayal by direct relatives could touch, pick up, and briefly use this Grade 0 Sealed Artifact. For others, it was purely gambling with their lives, unless they had no other way to heal their injuries and diseases, or faced a crisis they couldn’t normally overcome. Otherwise, no one would try.</p>
<p><em>But it’s truly very powerful, worthy of being a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact. And if used briefly, the negative effects are not completely unacceptable. It’s just necessary to suppress the desolation effect and guard against enemies turning into even more terrifying evil spirits after death…</em> Lumian silently mused to himself, focusing his attention on the most crucial content.</p>
<p>That was the part about Omebella, in poor condition, walking to the City of Silver seeking sacrifice.</p>
<p>According to Madam Magician, at this time Omebella had already had Her identity and destiny stolen. The people of the City of Silver shouldn’t have been able to know that the female giant before them was the Goddess of Harvest, Omebella.</p>
<p>But in the records, the residents of the City of Silver undoubtedly knew it was Omebella, without even a hint of doubt or raising any objections.</p>
<p>They considered it a fact that needed no verification, reflected in the record as just two short sentences, with the purpose of describing that Omebella arrived at the City of Silver by walking.</p>
<p>Lumian raised his head, looking at Mr. Sun seated against the wall, and asked thoughtfully, “Which image did the Goddess of Harvest Omebella have when she walked to the City of Silver?”</p>
<p>He remembered the previous records mentioning that Omebella had descended to the City of Silver multiple times, mainly presenting two images, one representing harvest and reproduction, the other symbolizing desolation and death.</p>
<p>This made Lumian suspect whether Omebella had two identities, with “harvest and reproduction” having its destiny stolen, while “desolation and death” walked to the City of Silver seeking sacrifice.</p>
<p>Mr. Sun shook his head. “There was no record at the time.”</p>
<p>Lumian supported his cheek with his hand, pondering silently.</p>
<p><em>Judging from the demand for the City of Silver to sacrifice half of its people, it does seem closer to the ‘desolation and death’ image…</em></p>
<p><em>But if the ‘harvest and reproduction’ image was severely damaged, it’s also possible to demand life to help oneself recover…</em></p>
<p><em>Moreover, two images can be understood, but how can two identities be concentrated in one person… Surely the Goddess of Harvest Omebella didn’t steal the identity and destiny of another Omebella before? She’s not from the Marauder pathway, and there’s no legend indicating She possessed similar items…</em></p>
<p>Lumian deliberated for a moment, then stood up and said, “I want to touch the Gift of the Land.”</p>
<p>To see what resonance Omebella’s bloodline could bring, what information could be obtained.</p>
<p>Mr. Sun, Derrick Berg, also stood up. “Okay.”</p>
<p>Wearing a simple white robe, he walked steadily in front, entering the round tower from the second-floor connection, then descended all the way, passing through the deep dark dungeon, arriving at a pair of heavy stone doors.</p>
<p>Behind the stone doors was a mottled staircase extending downwards, with points of light like dawn seeping from the depths, bringing some visibility.</p>
<p>Lumian found that the walls on both sides of the staircase were damp, seemingly oozing many water droplets, and tufts of hair-like black plants had grown out of the cracks, hanging there.</p>
<p>The further down the staircase they went, the brighter the dawn-like light became, and between the damp walls and the hair-like black plants grew mushrooms of various colors, golden wheat ears, the unique Black-Faced Grass, and other things. The spirituality in the air also became increasingly lively and vigorous.</p>
<p>Lumian’s heart gradually palpitated, as if returning to a mother’s embrace, or finding his past self.</p>
<p>He heard the sound of blood flowing, seemingly from within his body, yet also originating from the bottom of the staircase.</p>
<p>“It really is Omebella… The Invisible Child of God is indeed Omebella…” Lumian sighed a couple of times, calming his own state.</p>
<p>His hair was growing inch by inch inside his cloak, his skin becoming more delicate and elastic.</p>
<p>After descending for a while longer, Lumian saw sunlight, coming from Mr. Sun.</p>
<p>Pure, warm, sacred golden light quickly filled this area, causing the forces of desolation and the aura of death to retreat to the edges.</p>
<p>Seeing this scene, Lumian instinctively associated it with a Demoness’s Disease and Plague.</p>
<p>In such a domain of sunlight, the vast majority of mystical pathogens would quickly perish, while a few ordinary pathogens might survive…</p>
<p>Finally, The Sun Derrick Berg and Lumian arrived at a large room filled with points of dawn-like light.</p>
<p>The room was permeated with the smell of soil, the scent of grass, and the fragrance of flowers. The ceiling, floor, and surrounding walls were covered with those hair-like black things, growing all kinds of plants and mushrooms.</p>
<p>In the center of this room, brown soil was piled up, with a withered, giant tree trunk inserted at the top.</p>
<p>The tree trunk was just short of touching the ceiling, about seven or eight meters high, requiring three or four people’s arm span to encircle it. Most of the bark on its surface had fallen off, with the remaining parts a grayish-brown color.</p>
<p>Its core had become hollow, and the exposed wood parts facing Lumian and Mr. Sun were partly protruding and partly sunken, outlining a legless, human-like pattern.</p>
<p>That silhouette used the branches on the trunk as hands, its face extremely distorted, with two huge crimson flowers serving as eyes.</p>
<p>Within the wood grain texture of its “body surface”, traces of blood color were faintly visible.</p>
<p>“This is the Gift of the Land.” The patches of sacred sunlight created by Mr. Sun merged with the points of dawn-like light in the room.</p>
<p>Lumian already felt his blood stirring, feeling an unusually close, blood-based connection with that withered tree trunk.</p>
<p>The two were originally one.</p>
<p>Lumian seemed to receive a call, subconsciously walking forward, his elegant and clean face seeming to emit its own radiance in the dawn-like light mixed with sunlight.</p>
<p>One step, two steps, three steps… He came to the top of the pile of brown soil, stopping in front of the withered giant tree.</p>
<p>The Sun Derrick Berg did not stop her.</p>
<p>Lumian took a breath, adjusted his state, prepared to use Mirror Substitution, and then extended his right palm with evenly proportioned bones and flesh and long fingers, touching towards the withered tree trunk with streaks of blood seeping out.</p>
<p>As soon as his fingers touched the dull-colored wood, a scene suddenly flashed in his mind:</p>
<p>The sky was hazy, seemingly shrouded in dark mist, a huge light shadow that seemed able to support heaven and earth appeared in front, while behind were strange silhouettes outlined by blurred lines…</p>
<p>This scene flashed by, followed immediately by darkness without a hint of light, an utterly quiet stillness.</p>
<p>After an unknown time, in the darkness and stillness, a shrill cry faintly came:</p>
<p>“My child, Omebella…</p>
<p>“My child, Omebella…”</p>
<p>Lumian suddenly broke free from the illusion, as if forcibly pushed away from the Gift of the Land by an invisible force.</p>
<p>He immediately felt a stinging pain in his right shoulder, with a bit of coolness like moonlight shining.</p>
<p>That was the contract mark from the Abscessed Hand being activated, but without producing any effect, bringing teleportation and Blink.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
