<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch899.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-892-that-name" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 892: That Name</h2>
<p>Lumian turned his gaze to his right shoulder.</p>
<p>Before this, he had anticipated many scenarios, but he hadn’t expected that the contract mark corresponding to the Abscessed Hand would have an abnormal reaction when he touched the Gift of the Land, bringing a stinging pain and coolness.</p>
<p><em>Is this because the complete Abscessed Hand has corruption from the Great Mother, or does Hand Bro himself have some connection to the Goddess of Harvest Omebella? When He became 0-01’s puppet and encountered me, He called out Omebella…</em> Lumian frowned imperceptibly, forming a rough guess.</p>
<p>It was very strange that despite the Abscessed Hand being an Angel, no high-level being remembered His original form!</p>
<p>Combining this with some thoughts from reading the records about Omebella earlier, Lumian suspected whether Hand Bro might also be an Angel whose identity and destiny were stolen by enemies, and who was even brutally dismembered and sealed in various places to prevent His resurrection.</p>
<p>However, this suspicion couldn’t explain one issue—judging from how the Abscessed Hand evolved towards femininity when all parts of its body were assembled, showing characteristics related to Sequence 1 Beauty Goddess of the Moon pathway, He must have either been deeply contaminated by the Great Mother or received corresponding boons. Who would dare to bear such a destiny?</p>
<p><em>Perhaps Hand Bro both satisfies the conditions of lacking necessary wisdom and receiving high-level boons from the Great Mother, naturally reacting to matters of the Child of God, and also has intricate connections with Omebella… He should be an Angel of the Moon pathway, which is adjacent to the Goddess of Harvest Omebella’s pathway…</em></p>
<p><em>I wonder how many high-level beings from the Second Epoch have survived… But they may not know about these matters, just like the Round Moon Duke of the Sanguine…</em> Lumian suppressed the doubts in his heart and looked again at the Gift of the Land existing in the form of a withered tree trunk.</p>
<p>After the first contact, he had confirmed that he wouldn’t die on the spot because of this, so he tried to press his right palm again on the grayish-brown tree trunk with both protrusions and depressions.</p>
<p>The fragrance of flowers and the fishy smell of blood pierced his nostrils. Before his eyes again appeared the hazy sky shrouded in dark mist, the huge light shadow that could support heaven and earth, and the strange silhouettes outlined by blurred lines.</p>
<p>This time, Lumian felt pain, felt terror, and also felt the madness of wanting all things to return to the earth.</p>
<p>He fell into familiar darkness, without a hint of light, quiet to the point of deathly stillness.</p>
<p>As time passed second by second, a shrill cry gradually sounded in his ears, calling for her child Omebella.</p>
<p>This made Lumian slowly come to his senses, and then he felt the stinging pain and coolness in his right shoulder.</p>
<p>He endured this feeling, not being pushed out of the illusion.</p>
<p>The darkness quickly shattered, and Lumian saw the light of dawn, saw faces full of determination, and felt anger, pain, and hatred in his heart.</p>
<p>At this moment, he heard a voice, gentle yet painful, a woman’s voice: “Zedus…”</p>
<p>Lumian “woke up”, and what entered his eyes was the distorted face outlined by protrusions and depressions on the withered tree trunk, and the two huge crimson flowers serving as the face’s eyes.</p>
<p>His palm was still pressed against the tree trunk.</p>
<p><em>What I just saw and heard, were they Omebella’s last obsessions, the scenes that left the deepest impression on Her? Combining the corresponding emotions, does the world shrouded in dark mist correspond to Her first death? Are the huge light shadow and one of the blurred figures the high-level being who stole Her identity and destiny?</em></p>
<p><em>What do that deathly silent darkness and the shrill cry represent? I’ve heard similar cries in the depths of the Underworld, when I shared the senses of the creature inside the bird egg… The bird egg represents gestation… Does that deathly silent darkness correspond to Omebella’s state before birth, or the state before regaining new life? Did that voice crying out for her child pull Omebella back from the depths of death, giving Her new life?</em></p>
<p><em>Would this new life also reset identity and destiny, making the theft ineffective?</em></p>
<p><em>The protagonists of the third scene are the dawn and human faces, with emotions of anger and hatred. Does this correspond to Omebella being killed by the City of Silver?</em></p>
<p><em>Yes, these can all be called obsessions, having a crucial impact on Omebella’s fate…</em></p>
<p><em>Who was that ‘Zedus’ at the end?</em></p>
<p>As these thoughts flashed through his mind, Lumian turned his head to look at the tall and steady Mr. Sun beside him. “May I know if you have heard of the name Zedus?”</p>
<p>“You can just speak casually. In the church, no one is nobler than another.” The Sun Derrick Berg first corrected, then shook his head and said, “I haven’t heard this name.”</p>
<p>“Was there no one called Zedus among the brass of the City of Silver when the Goddess of Harvest Omebella last came to the City of Silver?” Lumian pursued.</p>
<p>Mr. Sun answered in a very certain tone, “No.”</p>
<p><em>Zedus wasn’t the person who killed Omebella… Who could it be?</em> Thinking of this, Lumian suddenly had a flash of insight.</p>
<p><em>Could this be Hand Bro’s name?</em></p>
<p><em>Since Hand Bro could call out Omebella to me, causing the contract to mutate when I touched the Gift of the Land, theoretically, Omebella’s remnant consciousness in the Gift of the Land should also be able to detect the Abscessed Hand’s contract mark on me and call out His name!</em></p>
<p>Lumian withdrew his right hand, waited for several tens of seconds, and pressed his palm to the withered tree trunk for the third time.</p>
<p>The previous illusions and auditory hallucinations reappeared, but there was no additional content.</p>
<p>Lumian sighed inwardly, crouched down slightly, adjusted his cloak, and pressed his other hand to the surface of the Gift of the Land, grasping the most solid and obvious protrusion.</p>
<p>Then, he gritted his teeth, the blood vessels on his neck bulged, and his temples throbbed with a blue tint.</p>
<p>This made Mr. Sun’s eyelids twitch, as if he hadn’t expected a beautiful lady with a cold expression to show such a side.</p>
<p>Soon, the brown soil began to loosen, and Lumian forcefully pulled up that withered, giant tree trunk.</p>
<p>The entire New City of Silver inexplicably trembled—a gentle shake.</p>
<p>Lumian half-lifted the seven or eight-meter-high withered tree trunk, trying to swing it.</p>
<p><em>It can barely be used to smash people, but it would reduce agility to the lowest level, and speed would also significantly decrease…</em> Lumian made a judgment on whether he could use the Gift of the Land to fight in the future, then inserted the huge withered tree trunk back into the pile of brown soil.</p>
<p>Almost simultaneously, he felt a certain power in his bloodline surge towards his abdomen, causing a slight stinging pain there, as if something was gestating.</p>
<p>Lumian raised his right hand, pressing it towards the corresponding position on his stomach with quiet and eerie black flames.</p>
<p>For a moment, he experienced maternal emotions of reluctance and pity, but this couldn’t stop him from infusing the Demoness’s black flames into his abdomen in the manner of Fire Infusion.</p>
<p>Indescribable pain, loss, and sadness surged into his heart simultaneously, his face suddenly turned pale, and his light-colored lips involuntarily trembled slightly.</p>
<p>This made The Sun Derrick Berg can’t help but ask, “Do you need my help to dispel the negative effects, or find a Beyonder to provide treatment?”</p>
<p>Lumian shook his head, curled his lips, and said in a low voice, “A small matter.”</p>
<p>He turned to remind Mr. Sun, “Even Beyonders with godhood might conceive after touching the Gift of the Land, and those with Omebella’s bloodline are more likely to encounter this.”</p>
<p>“We don’t have any records of this. Historically, the City of Silver has needed to actively use this Sealed Artifact very rarely, and each time, the user quickly died.” Mr. Sun nodded slightly.</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t say anything more, turned around, and walked step by step towards the outside of this huge room, towards the mottled stairs leading to the upper part of the round tower, with Mr. Sun quietly trailing behind.</p>
<hr />
<p>In the hotel room.</p>
<p>Lumian wrote down the gains and questions from reading the records related to Omebella and touching the Gift of the Land in a letter.</p>
<p>He then summoned the “doll” messenger and handed over this letter and a mirror—with this marked mirror, he could later directly transmit information to Madam Magician through the mirror world.</p>
<p>The “doll” messenger took the letter and mirror but didn’t leave immediately. Wearing a light golden dress, it leaned against the window frame, carefully and attentively examining Lumian.</p>
<p>Lumian arched an eyebrow. “What are you looking at?”</p>
<p>The “doll” messenger suddenly jumped up, floating in mid-air, and said with an indignant look, “Don’t you know how beautiful you look right now?</p>
<p>“Beautiful enough for me to ignore that you’re still wearing men’s clothes, beautiful enough for me to forgive why you haven’t made yourself tidier!”</p>
<p>Lumian was momentarily at a loss for words.</p>
<p>The “doll” messenger waved its hand and said reluctantly, “See you next time!”</p>
<p>“See you next time,” Lumian politely replied.</p>
<p>After about fifteen minutes, the “doll” messenger emerged from the void, holding a bulging envelope, and said joyfully, “We meet again!”</p>
<p>“Indeed.” Lumian was a bit helpless.</p>
<p>He took the envelope, opened it, and found that the letter itself was very thin, mainly containing an additional green gemstone.</p>
<p>The gemstone was deep and alluring, with a dreamy crystalline green color.</p>
<p>Lumian only looked at it for a moment, but felt as if his vision and soul were sinking into it.</p>
<p>He quickly forced himself to look away, unfolded the letter paper with confusion, and began to read:</p>
<p>“The theft of Omebella’s identity and destiny had not become ineffective before the Fifth Epoch…</p>
<p>“We will inquire about the name ‘Zedus’ from the ancient beings who survived from the Second Epoch, including seeking revelation from even higher beings.</p>
<p>“The origin of this name might solve the mysteries surrounding Omebella…</p>
<p>“That green gemstone was made at my request by Miss Justice, with the purpose of helping you seal part of the knowledge related to the great existences. Although you still have a lot of corruption and seals, as long as you don’t recall that knowledge, there shouldn’t be any problems. But we can’t guarantee that you won’t encounter situations where you need to recall it. Before you possess a true or false Angel rank, this hypnotic effect won’t be lifted.”</p>
<p>Lumian understood the reason and looked at the green gemstone again, allowing his mind to sink into it.</p>
<p>When he came to his senses, the green gemstone had become ordinary, and he had forgotten part of his knowledge.</p>
<p><em>But it’s still worth quite a bit of money.</em> Lumian put away the green gemstone and said to the “doll” messenger still lingering over the desk, “See you next time.”</p>
<p>The “doll” messenger waved in response.”See you next time!”</p>
<p>Leaving the room, Lumian said to Franca, Jenna, Ludwig, and others, “We’re going back to Trier now.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
