<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch893.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-886-conditions-met" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 886: Conditions Met</h2>
<p>Regarding Franca’s question, Jenna and Anthony were amused but didn’t know how to respond.</p>
<p>Lumian, however, seriously discussed the possible consequences. “Is pregnancy a big problem for Beyonders? It’s not something they want, they can lose it immediately through intense combat.”</p>
<p>Seeing that Lumian was willing to discuss the issue, Franca chuckled and said, “It’s not that simple. After getting the Impregnating Bullet, I seriously researched related issues and consulted Madam Judgment.</p>
<p>“It’s been confirmed that these Impregnating Bullets originate from the Great Mother’s boon. Even demigods can’t escape it. Once pregnant, it’s very difficult to terminate without special abilities. And we all know that one way for Beyonders to eliminate excess Beyonder characteristics is to have others or themselves become pregnant, using the child’s birth to take away corresponding Beyonder characteristics, though the result is uncontrollable.</p>
<p>“In other words, the target hit by this Impregnating Bullet, regardless of whether they’re male or female, human or dog, will immediately become pregnant. The fetus will grow rapidly, tearing away part of the Beyonder characteristics or boon powers, thus causing instability in the target’s state and a decline in strength.”</p>
<p>“This, combined with the Sure Hit effect, is a bit terrifying…” Jenna spoke her mind. “One can only stay vigilant and preemptively replace oneself with a substitute.”</p>
<p>Franca originally wanted to take the opportunity to tell Lumian, “If you don’t want to be a Demoness, we can ask Mr. Sun for help through the Tarot Club, or I can give you a shot with an Impregnating Bullet to see if there’s a way for you to give birth to a Demoness of Despair, hehehe.” But considering her companion’s emotional state, she gave up on this joke.</p>
<p>Moreover, she felt that Lumian would likely insist on being a Demoness for a while to see if there were truly signs of Aurore’s soul fragments reviving.</p>
<p>“I’ve decided, the Cannon Gun will now be renamed the Inevitable Gun,” Franca said after careful consideration, abandoning the name “Execution Gun” which she liked more and found more fun. She then asked Lumian, “What abilities does your bracelet have? By the way, I’ll tell you about some Magic Mirror Divination targets that have been verified as safe.”</p>
<p>“Including the one you mentioned that would cause social death but gives the most accurate divination results?” Jenna asked curiously.</p>
<p>Franca nodded solemnly. “Yes, but you’d better not pray to that one, otherwise… otherwise… Ah, I am the experience and lesson itself.”</p>
<p>As she spoke, Franca couldn’t help but glance at Anthony, finding that this Hypnotist showed no change in expression, as if he had already forgotten about the incident from back then.</p>
<p>With Franca’s guidance, Lumian successfully completed his first Magic Mirror Divination, obtaining key information about the cheap silver bracelet:</p>
<p>“…Can use the Circle Inhabitant effect nine times, each Circle Inhabitant lasting no fewer than three times and no more than nine times.</p>
<p>“Circle Inhabitant can be used within a one-kilometer range, or targeted at a single individual, or applied to oneself. The range-type Circle Inhabitant trigger conditions cannot be harsh and can affect Angels in the corresponding area. The individual-type Circle Inhabitant can set some relatively harsh trigger conditions, but if the target’s status is higher than one’s own, the effect will be significantly reduced, even to the point of ineffectiveness.</p>
<p>“There are no restrictions on using Circle Inhabitant on oneself, and it can be restarted even if killed by an Angel.</p>
<p>“Only one ‘Circle’ can be maintained at the same time, and the same type of ‘Circle’ needs to cool down for three minutes before it can be created again.</p>
<p>“The Circle Inhabitant effect can last for a long time, unless the number of times is reached or the user actively removes it. For example, if a ‘Circle’ attached to oneself is set to restart near death, and there’s no chance to trigger it afterward, it can last up to a year at most.</p>
<p>“Whether or not the Circle Inhabitant uses are exhausted, this bracelet contaminated by Inevitability powers will enhance the abilities of Fate Appropriation, Fate Exchange, Magnified Fate, and Compelling Fate to the Circle Inhabitant level. After about a year, the corresponding boon power will completely dissipate, turning this silver bracelet back into an ordinary accessory with curse remnants.</p>
<p>“Even just carrying this silver bracelet will unknowingly attract Inevitability boon recipients and be viewed with hostility by them.</p>
<p>“Each use of Circle Inhabitant will result in a period of bad luck, the specifics varying depending on the user’s status.”</p>
<p>Lumian held the cheap silver bracelet, repeatedly admiring it, as if waiting for the arrival of Inevitability boon recipients.</p>
<p>His pleasant voice, with a hint of magnetism, echoed, “If it’s me, the bad luck would probably last about three hours. For you all, it might be close to two days. For Anthony, it should be three days.”</p>
<p>“Indeed, it suits you best,” Franca said. “Along with the Sword of Courage, you’re equivalent to a demigod of the Hunter, Demoness, and Inevitability pathways, and your abilities have even become mixed without much conflict.”</p>
<p>At Sequence 4, this could definitely be considered outstanding!</p>
<p>“What should we name it?” Lumian looked down at the cheap silver-black bracelet.</p>
<p>“Circle of Fate?” Franca eagerly offered her opinion.</p>
<p>“Circle of Binding?” Jenna suggested, her eyes flickering slightly.</p>
<p>“Then let’s call it the ‘Circle of Binding’. It’s more fitting for my current psychological and emotional state,” Lumian said with a self-mocking tone.</p>
<p>Before Franca could express her disappointment, he put away the Circle of Binding and said carefully, “The topic of Impregnating Bullets reminded me of something.”</p>
<p>“What is it?” Franca asked curiously.</p>
<p>Lumian’s light blue and clear eyes lit up.</p>
<p>“When I first learned that the name of the Great Mother’s Invisible Child of God was Omebella, the Termiboros inside me seemed a bit surprised.</p>
<p>“I originally thought it was because this evil god Angel had heard of this name in the endless cosmos and didn’t expect Omebella to enter our world and become an Invisible Child of God. But now, the situation is that the Termiboros inside me was equivalent to Amon’s true form.</p>
<p>“In other words, this had nothing to do with any knowledge or legends from the endless cosmos.</p>
<p>“Currently, there are only two possibilities. One is that Amon is deceiving me, preparing for when I investigate this matter in the future. The second is that He truly didn’t expect it, and what He didn’t expect was that the name of Omebella, the giant queen and Goddess of Harvest from the Second Epoch, would appear on the Great Mother’s Invisible Child of God.”</p>
<p>“Does Amon not expecting it mean that that individual also didn’t expect it?” Jenna understood what Lumian was really trying to express.</p>
<p>Lumian’s beautifully curved chin nodded slowly.</p>
<p>“My encounter with Father Montserrat was definitely His arrangement, to grasp the situation of the Great Mother’s Invisible Child of God. But the name of the Great Mother’s Invisible Child of God might not have been part of the arrangement. It was an accident, something He might not have expected either.”</p>
<p>“You want to start from this incident to find a path with fewer arrangements?” Anthony roughly understood Lumian’s idea.</p>
<p>Lumian curled his lips into a smile, laughing once, causing Franca and others to feel a bit dazzled.</p>
<p>“His former identity was the Ancient Sun God who ended the era of ancient gods’ rule. There are very few ancient secrets not grasped by Him, and this might be one of them.”</p>
<p>Hearing this, Franca suddenly remembered that the True Creator worshiped by the Aurora Order was formerly the Ancient Sun God, the savior of humanity.</p>
<p>And according to intelligence gathered by the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society, the Ancient Sun God was very likely also a transmigrator!</p>
<p>Dammit, how could a transmigrator do such a thing as arranging an innocent person’s life! After cursing inwardly, Franca said to Lumian, “Do you now meet all the conditions to come into contact with Omebella’s remains and use them briefly?”</p>
<p>After Lumian consumed Omebella’s umbilical cord remnants and achieved a slight fusion with it, he only needed to meet two more conditions—“having experienced betrayal by a direct relative” and “being female”—to be able to touch and briefly use the Grade 0 Sealed Artifact formed from Omebella’s remains.</p>
<p>Lumian, abandoned by his playboy father, had long met the first condition, and now, he was truly female.</p>
<p>Lumian offered a curt acknowledgment.</p>
<p>“Moreover, Omebella’s remains are in the New City of Silver, in this very city.</p>
<p>“I wonder what useful secrets I can discover from New Silver City’s records and direct contact with the remains…”</p>
<p>Before Jenna and the others could respond, points of starlight appeared, and Madam Magician’s figure was instantly outlined in the room.</p>
<p>This Major Arcana card holder seemed to have already foreseen the difficulty Franca was currently facing and directly extended her hand, saying, “Give me your Traveler’s Bag.”</p>
<hr />
<p>It was early spring, and in the fields outside the New City of Silver, patches of wheat seedlings were still lush green in the twilight.</p>
<p>Madam Magician walked with Lumian on the path between the fields, breathing in the scent of soil and plants, feeling the cool breeze.</p>
<p>Having already obtained most of the information from the spirit world, she still patiently waited for Lumian to finish recounting his experiences before sighing.</p>
<p>“We’ve always said to be careful of that individual’s arrangements, to pay attention to coincidences around us, but what we didn’t expect was that the arrangement happened from the very beginning, and gave many seemingly reasonable explanations, to the extent that we could only see traces of arrangements in specific events, completely overlooking the overall problem.”</p>
<p>Lumian was still wearing the black cloak given by Franca, with his hair hidden in the attached hood.</p>
<p>He didn’t blame the Major Arcana card holders for their thoughts, after all, that being was a true god.</p>
<p>Looking at the patches of green wheat seedlings tinged with golden red, he said in a low voice,</p>
<p>“Is it only when Mr. Fool awakens that we won’t have to worry about every detail of our lives being arranged?”</p>
<p>“Yes, or quickly become an Angel. Although that won’t exempt you from arrangements, you’ll be able to detect many arrangements that rely too much on coincidence in a timely manner,” Madam Magician tried hard not to let her eyes reveal emotions of pity.</p>
<p>Lumian fell silent for a moment before responding, “Are those lucky coins devices to awaken Mr. Fool?”</p>
<p>“Yes,” Madam Magician didn’t deny it. “You should have one too.”</p>
<p>Lumian turned his head, using his eyes to express his question.</p>
<p>Madam Magician smiled and said, “That’s the reward for the water from the Samaritan Women’s Spring and the soil from in front of the ancient tomb of the Dream Festival.</p>
<p>“However, this needs to wait a few more days. There are time intervals for using these items.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
