<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch894.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-887-the-function-of-the-lucky-coins" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 887: The Function of the Lucky Coins</h2>
<p>Lumian roughly understood the meaning of Madam Magician’s words.</p>
<p>The water he had previously taken from the Samaritan Woman’s Spring and the soil from the area of the Dream Festival ancient tomb did have a reward, which was another lucky coin. However, the one giving the reward needed to wait until all of that water and soil had been used up and the effects confirmed before actually paying. Using these items needed to be done in batches, with time intervals between uses, rather than consuming them all at once—which might actually lead to unfavorable results.</p>
<p>“We still need to wait a few more days?” Lumian cast his gaze towards the golden-red tinted horizon and nodded gently, “I understand.”</p>
<p>He wasn’t impatient. Having been arranged for so long already, a few more days didn’t matter.</p>
<p>Lumian probed further, “How many lucky coins need to be gathered in total to awaken Mr. Fool?”</p>
<p>“The lucky coins are tools, mediums, not the awakening itself. There are only five such coins in total,” Madam Magician answered clearly, no longer speaking in riddles. “Once you get the last lucky coin, the five of you will be able to use your respective coins to enter Mr. Fool’s dream and attempt to awaken him. Understand? The lucky coins are mediums to help you participate in Mr. Fool’s dream.</p>
<p>“Of course, given your Sequences, even with the lucky coins, you can’t decide when you can enter that dream or what you can do once inside. We’ll need to assist you to ensure you can all go at the same time and maintain sufficient clarity and rationality.”</p>
<p>Lumian listened quietly, his eyes slightly turning as he pursed his lips lightly.</p>
<p>“Mr. Fool’s dream? We’re responsible for awakening Mr. Fool?”</p>
<p>“Yes,” Madam Magician answered with just one word.</p>
<p>She surveyed Lumian’s profile, which took on a dreamlike beauty in the twilight glow, and inwardly sighed.</p>
<p>Lumian furrowed his brow slightly. “What do we need to do to awaken Mr. Fool? Haven’t the previous holders of the lucky coins entered Mr. Fool’s dream before? Haven’t they made any attempts?”</p>
<p><em>Why does it have to be us?</em></p>
<p>“I don’t know exactly what needs to be done to awaken Mr. Fool,” Madam Magician said very frankly. “That’s for you to figure out. We’ll give you some suggestions based on your feedback.”</p>
<p>She paused, then said in a teasing tone, “The previous holders of the lucky coins did indeed enter Mr. Fool’s dream and made quite a few attempts, but they were successively discovered by that Celestial Worthy’s spirit, either kicked out of the dream or had their actions restricted, unable to do much. One of them, after being kicked out of the dream the first time, would be kicked out again within a minute of re-entering the dream, regardless of whether they disguised themselves or behaved.</p>
<p>“You need to be careful too. The early stages are fine, but if you’re later discovered and locked onto by that Celestial Worthy’s spirit, you’ll also be kicked out of the dream, or become mute, blind, or foolish.”</p>
<p>After pondering for a moment, Lumian asked, “Are we the destined ones to awaken Mr. Fool?”</p>
<p>“Perhaps, perhaps not. We can’t be sure yet,” Madam Magician explained simply. “We can only say that the previous holders of the lucky coins would suddenly feel at some moment or in some scenario that they should trade away the lucky coin to someone else. This might be a hint from fate.”</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t ask any more questions. Instead, he mentioned that he now met all the conditions to come into contact with Omebella’s remains, and finally asked, “Can I apply to the New City of Silver now?”</p>
<p>“I’ll help you inform Mr. Sun. You just need to be prepared,” Madam Magician said with a laugh. “Of course, you won’t be able to actually take away Omebella’s remains. That belongs to the New City of Silver. Grade 0 Sealed Artifacts are extremely precious anywhere. No one will gift it to you without appropriate compensation.</p>
<p>“What you’ll be allowed to do is to review the relevant records of the City of Silver, come into contact with and study the item that the remains have become within the New City of Silver. If you encounter difficulties, with the approval of the New City of Silver’s six-member council, you may be able to borrow that Grade 0 Sealed Artifact for a short time, to be returned within a certain period.”</p>
<p>“That’s already very good,” Lumian said sincerely.</p>
<p>According to 007, an official Beyonder, even to use a Grade 1 Sealed Artifact, he had to submit a report in advance, obtain approval, and meet the corresponding conditions. As for Grade 0 Sealed Artifacts, that was something he couldn’t even dream of.</p>
<p>And now, the New City of Silver might actually allow him to borrow Omebella’s remains for a period of time!</p>
<p>Lumian “habitually” smoothed his hair and told Madam Magician about Termiboros’s, that is, Amon’s true form’s reaction when he first learned that the name of the Great Mother’s Invisible Child of God was Omebella, along with his own speculations.</p>
<p>“This might indeed hide a very big and important secret, with some connection to that bird egg deep in the Underworld and the missing Madame Night Pualis,” Madam Magician said, slightly raising both hands as if feeling the freshness and vigor of the early spring wheat seedlings.</p>
<p>Lumian stopped in front of a pond used for water storage and after a few seconds of silence, asked, “Madam, what is the true purpose and final result of Project Vortex?”</p>
<p>Madam Magician recounted in detail all the transactions and developments she understood, but because Lumian no longer had a false Angel status and had lost Mr. Fool’s seal, unable to bear certain knowledge, she uniformly used descriptions like the evil gods outside the barrier, the one worshiped by the Brokers, and the Great Mother to refer to those great existences.</p>
<p>Upon hearing that Emperor Roselle had been resurrected as the Black Emperor, and then chose to die again to severely damage the great existence preaching in the name of “Truth”, Lumian’s expression changed several times, but in the end, he didn’t say a word.</p>
<p>“I understand how you feel,” Madam Magician comforted her feminized Minor Arcana card in a self-mocking tone. “I don’t like that individual, and I really dislike His methods, but I have to admit, He is indeed preparing for our world to face the apocalypse, not just doing things that only benefit Him under the guise of a banner. So my feelings are very torn.”</p>
<p>Lumian’s expression remained cold, maintaining his silence.</p>
<p>Madam Magician didn’t continue discussing this matter. She raised her right hand, letting points of starlight appear and fall towards Lumian’s left chest, forming an illusory symbol composed of layers upon layers of doors.</p>
<p>This Major Arcana card holder said simply, “Since there’s no need to seal an Angel, my power alone is enough to simply protect Aurore and the others’ soul fragments. We don’t need to trouble Mr. Fool, and besides, if Mr. Fool were to seal it, it might actually affect the gradual revival of Aurore’s soul fragments through your female state.</p>
<p>“Well, if you’re unwilling to take the lucky coin into Mr. Fool’s dream, we won’t force you. I’ll still help reinforce the seal periodically.”</p>
<p>Lumian smiled bitterly. “That individual has already made the choice for me.”</p>
<p>He remained silent for a while, his slightly paler lips moving a few times.</p>
<p>“Can being in the Demoness state really allow Aurore’s soul fragments to gradually revive? Is this truly the only way to resurrect Aurore?”</p>
<p>“It may not be the only way. At least, I can’t give you an accurate judgment. Only Mr. Fool could provide the corresponding answer,” Madam Magician neither denied nor confirmed that individual’s statement.</p>
<p>Her current knowledge and abilities were not sufficient to support her refutation.</p>
<p>The only thing she could be certain of was: “This is indeed a way to resurrect Aurore, just that the final resurrection won’t be completely whole.”</p>
<p>“Why must it be Aurore’s soul fragments gradually reviving, and not the soul fragments of other villagers? There are many soul fragments sealed within me, why is Aurore the most special one?” This was now Lumian’s greatest concern.</p>
<p>Madam Magician said, “Aurore’s soul fragments simultaneously meet three conditions. First, she was a Beyonder, having undergone the transformation of Beyonder characteristics on her spirit. Second, she was corrupted by Inevitability powers. Third, at the end of the ritual, her soul fragments received protection from that individual or several ones, so they’re in relatively better condition, the kind that can gradually revive.</p>
<p>“Therefore, her soul fragments are indeed the most special among all the soul fragments within you. The remaining soul fragments might only be able to exist in the form of half-human, half-object puppet soldiers when you become an Angel of the Hunter pathway in the future.”</p>
<p>Lumian thought for a while and said, “If I were now a Beyonder of those three pathways of the Great Mother, I wouldn’t doubt that Aurore’s soul fragments could gradually revive within me, but a Demoness doesn’t have the symbol of new life…”</p>
<p>“But the Demoness has the authority of resurrection. Have you forgotten that one of the descriptions of the Demoness of Unaging is that she’s bizarrely hard to kill, skilled in resurrection and rebirth?” Madam Magician reminded him.</p>
<p>Lumian quietly exhaled and said, “If I continue to advance to become a Demoness of Unaging, would the revival effect of Aurore’s soul fragments be better?”</p>
<p>Madam Magician smiled and said, “There’s no need to deliberately pursue that. When you later jump to Sequence 2 of the Demoness pathway, you’ll similarly gain all the abilities and characteristics of the Demoness of Unaging, unless you find a way to separate out the corresponding Unaging Beyonder characteristic yourself.”</p>
<p>Seeing Lumian nod slightly, Madam Magician smiled and asked, “As a demigod who has switched pathways, you should have some special, mixed abilities now, right?”</p>
<p>Lumian offered a curt acknowledgment and said, “The most special ability is the application of fire.</p>
<p>“On the one hand, I can use a Hunter’s blazing-white flames and the Demoness’s inherent black flames separately. On the other hand, I can fuse them together for an explosive effect. This can both physically destroy human bodies and objects, and ignite spirituality, burning spiritual bodies, comprehensively damaging and destroying a target.</p>
<p>“Yes, after the fusion of the Demoness of Despair Beyonder characteristic and the Hunter pathway Beyonder characteristic, new mystical knowledge appeared, calling this black flame that suppresses irritability and madness the ‘Fire of Destruction’.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
