<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch905.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-898-selecting-ingredients" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 898: Selecting “Ingredients”</h2>
<p>Ludwig, dressed in children’s formal wear, looked at the freshly cleaned “altar” and licked his lips somewhat regretfully, saying, “If we had caught that bird with a human head just now and stewed it together with a fat duck, we could have gained the ability to control our fear emotions in dreams, possibly gaining lucidity through fear…</p>
<p>“Additionally…”</p>
<p>The seven or eight-year-old boy began counting on his fingers, one by one.</p>
<p>“The gray beast from Planet Darbilla, cooked by roasting, can prevent one from getting lost in most dreams for seven days…</p>
<p>“The Black Dream Tapir, a spirit world creature that feeds on joy, happiness, excitement, desire, and other emotions in human dreams. Using its residual dust to make a cocktail can prevent the drinker from being deceived by the beauty of dreams, sinking into them, and refusing to wake up. At the same time, each time you drink that wine, you can clearly distinguish between reality and dreams for the next ten days…</p>
<p>“The King of Nightmares, an Angel-level creature that rules Planet Four Snake in the Y star system. Eating its gallbladder directly can permanently gain the trait of dream lucidity…</p>
<p>“…”</p>
<p>As Ludwig spoke, he grew hungrier and couldn’t help but ask his now-female godfather for a few sandwich cookies to fill his stomach.</p>
<p>After he finished listing the ingredients he could currently remember, Anthony pondered and said, “Perhaps I’ve encountered a Black Dream Tapir before.”</p>
<p>Seeing Lumian look at him, Anthony carefully said, “I met a patient at the psychiatric clinic a while ago. He had been having nightmares for three consecutive weeks, was mentally drained, emotionally numb, and very pessimistic.</p>
<p>“I tried regular psychological treatment on him, and also attempted to solve the problem using Beyonder abilities like Hypnosis, but these only prevented him from having nightmares for two or three days before reverting back to his original state.</p>
<p>“I couldn’t figure out why it failed before, but now I suspect he might have been targeted by a Black Dream Tapir.”</p>
<p>“Psychiatric clinic?” Lumian nodded while casually asking.</p>
<p>Anthony briefly explained, “To join the Psychology Alchemists, one needs to fully integrate into the circle of psychiatrists. I’m now officially a practicing physician at a psychiatric clinic.”</p>
<p>Lumian made an affirmative sound and thoughtfully said, “The higher the Sequence of new members, the less likely they are to be trusted by those secret organizations. Sequences 9 to 7 are still okay, within the realm of wild Beyonders that ordinary people have a chance to reach. Sequence 6 is barely acceptable, but Sequence 5 involves rituals. Very few purely wild Beyonders can reach this level. Aren’t you worried that becoming a Dreamwalker now will affect your subsequent joining of the Psychology Alchemists?”</p>
<p>Anthony smiled peacefully. “I bought the Dreamwalker potion formula and corresponding ingredients in batches from a member of the Psychology Alchemists. Madam Justice mainly provided financial rewards.”</p>
<p>“I see…” Lumian turned to ask Ludwig, “What level of power does a Black Dream Tapir have approximately?”</p>
<p>“The strong ones have weak godhood, while the weak ones are equivalent to Sequence 7,” Ludwig said with an expectant look.</p>
<p>“Going to the spirit world to find harpies or Black Dream Tapirs is not something we can accomplish, unless we ask Madam Magician or the Angel of the Holy Spirit who manages the spirit world on behalf of Mr. Fool for help,” Lumian said to Anthony. “Do you have a way for me to enter that patient’s dream? I want to confirm if it’s a Black Dream Tapir and if there’s a chance to capture it.”</p>
<p>“I bought two dream entry charms from the Psychology Alchemists, and Madam Justice also gave me one,” Anthony answered truthfully.</p>
<p>Lumian smiled, pulling up his cloak to cover his face. “Then let’s ‘visit’ that patient tonight.”</p>
<p>Anthony suppressed the disappointment of having that extremely beautiful face hidden, nodded, and followed behind Lumian, who was holding Ludwig’s hand, as they headed towards the surface.</p>
<p>After walking several dozen meters, Ludwig turned his head to look at Lumian and said, “Mother…”</p>
<p>He simply felt that since his godfather had become female, the address should be changed.</p>
<p><em>Mother…</em> Lumian’s heart skipped a beat, and his voice became stern.</p>
<p>“It’s better you keep calling me godfather.”</p>
<p>“Yes, Godfather,” Ludwig readily agreed. “I’ve been having some bad premonitions lately.”</p>
<p>“Bad premonitions?” Lumian asked as if pondering, “About yourself, or all of us?”</p>
<p>Ludwig answered quite honestly, “About myself.”</p>
<p>Lumian nodded slightly and chuckled. “I think I know what it is. It’s not a big problem, just endure it and it will pass.</p>
<p>“When the time comes, you’ll have the opportunity to accumulate contributions to exchange for different parts of a demigod blessed’s corpse.”</p>
<p>Ludwig’s eyes immediately lit up, forgetting that his premonition was leaning towards bad. “Alright, Godfather!”</p>
<hr />
<p>In Quartier de la Maison d’Opéra, on Rue du Chapeau Noir, inside an apartment with drawn curtains.</p>
<p>Niceya, nearly 1.7 meters tall, stood in front of a full-length mirror, gazing at her reflection.</p>
<p><em>My face is fair and clean, my brown hair naturally wavy and hanging loose, my brown eyes deep yet clear, my lips red and moist, slightly parted to reveal two rows of white teeth. My figure is curvy, neither too tall nor too short, just right…</em></p>
<p><em>What an enchanting young lady.</em></p>
<p>Niceea gazed at herself in fascination, her right hand falling to her rosy lips, then slowly moving down towards her prominent chest.</p>
<p>She hadn’t expected that the Beyonder power promised by that Demoness would be obtained in this way. When she was immersed in and proud of the various abilities brought by the Assassin potion, committing numerous crimes, her fate was already sealed.</p>
<p>She was forced to drink the Witch potion, becoming a woman, which strongly conflicted with and opposed her male identity of over twenty years.</p>
<p>Now she seemed to be split into two people: one angry, in pain, wanting to take revenge on those Demonesses and this world; the other conquered by her charming beauty, flawless figure, and a happiness different from before, falling in love with her current self, even wanting to drink higher Sequence potions to make herself more perfect and charming.</p>
<p>Suddenly, following her spiritual intuition, Niceea lowered her hand from her chest and abruptly turned around, looking towards an armchair near the window.</p>
<p>There was someone there, who hadn’t been there before.</p>
<p>The person had their arms resting on both armrests, body comfortably leaning against the chair back. A faintly visible ponytail of flaxen-colored long hair, brown eyebrows flying into the temples bringing both heroic beauty and seeming to pierce into the hearts of all onlookers, while those seemingly clear and tranquil lake-colored eyes held depths, as if hiding many emotions and thoughts, making one want to use all their passion to explore.</p>
<p>These features, along with the high and delicate nose, moist and rosy lips, smooth and slender neck, and the figure that made the lace flower shirt bulge, suddenly gave Niceea an urge to submit and kiss the back of the other’s hand.</p>
<p><em>So beautiful… As beautiful as the few Demonesses I’ve seen before, but with a different aura, a more attractive aura and facial details…</em> Niceea greedily looked at the beauty before her, surprisingly not questioning who the other was, nor making any defensive or attacking moves.</p>
<p><em>Is this what a newly advanced Witch is like…</em> Franca, sitting in the armchair, silently shook her head.</p>
<p>She had already sneaked into this room since Niceea started admiring her mirror image, but Niceea was so indulged in her own beauty that she completely failed to notice, even wanting to perform an intense act.</p>
<p>Back then, when Franca drank the Witch potion, she was also stunned by her own beauty, feeling it was the anima in her heart, the woman she had always dreamed of. Fortunately, her personality was very cheerful, and being a transmigrator who had already switched bodies once, she didn’t reject her current female body or consider it as another person. So she was only a bit narcissistic, not to the extent of truly falling in love with her female self.</p>
<p>After getting busy with the Tarot Club’s tasks and meeting Jenna and Lumian, Franca’s issues in this aspect became increasingly faint. However, being so beautiful, how could she not admire herself?</p>
<p>Although she was sitting and Niceea was standing, Franca smiled with a condescending attitude.</p>
<p>“I don’t know if the Demoness of Black has told you, but for a long time to come, you will be my subordinate.”</p>
<p>“Madame Clarice mentioned it. You must be Madame Franca?” Niceea’s gaze was still roaming over Franca’s body, with an urge to tear off the other’s clothes and beg for pleasure, but she looked at her own chest and felt a wave of sadness.</p>
<p>She no longer had that ability now…</p>
<p>“Your vigilance is not high enough. If I were an enemy, you would have died several times already,” Franca said, her red lips parting slightly. “Mirror Substitution is very important, but you can’t rely on it completely.”</p>
<p>Niceea was first startled, then broke out in a cold sweat. “Yes, Madame Franca.”</p>
<p>Franca showed a slight smile, making Niceea’s eyes light up.</p>
<p>“Give me the information on the core members of the Emperor Party.”</p>
<p>Niceea nodded instinctively. “Understood.”</p>
<p>She quickly walked towards the safe in the room.</p>
<hr />
<p>In the administrative district, on Rue Lviv.</p>
<p>Wearing cotton pajamas and sleep pants, Kewell held a glass of red wine, sitting on the edge of the bed, reluctant to lie down and sleep for a long time.</p>
<p>He knew it would be the beginning of another long torment and endless pain.</p>
<p>Finally, he couldn’t resist fatigue and sleepiness. After drinking that glass of red wine, he fell into a deep sleep.</p>
<p>In the hazy dream, Kewell was running, terrified to the point of near collapse, with a huge monster chasing him from behind.</p>
<p>Ahead was a cliff, and he didn’t have time to stop, falling directly off it.</p>
<p>If it were a normal dream, Kewell would definitely wake up at this moment due to the free fall or directly switch scenes, but he didn’t now. He crashed to the ground with a bang, seeing his body shattered into pieces everywhere in indescribable pain.</p>
<p>He let out a shrill scream.</p>
<p>At this moment, a bear-like shadow walked out of the darkness and began to lick the brain matter that had splattered out of Kewell, causing him to freeze, feeling even more pain and fear.</p>
<p>Suddenly, he saw the crimson moon rise in the sky, and a slender figure carrying a huge iron-black straight sword descended from the heavens.</p>
<p>The figure’s hood was flipped up, black long hair illuminated by the crimson moon as if in a dream, seeming to pierce directly into the moon.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
