<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch902.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-895-a-brief-battle" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 895: A Brief Battle</h2>
<p>The Demoness of Black slightly raised her chin and let out a piercing shriek.</p>
<p>Invisible sound waves instantly caused the mirror to take on a grayish-white, dim color. Along with this, Clarice’s hair broke free from its constraints, knocking off her hat and floating upwards. Each strand became thick, as if carved from stone.</p>
<p>This grayish-white spread out from the full-length mirror, causing the intense white-blue fire snake that had rushed to the mirror’s front to freeze in place, turning into a statue. It failed to explode the mirror as Lumian had expected, destroying the Demoness of Black’s medium for interfering with the interior of the Bottle of Fiction.</p>
<p>The grayish-white created by Clarice continued to spread, like surging tides, quickly engulfing the nearby armchair, sofa set, and cabinets, causing them to lose their luster, take on a grayish-white color, and appear much harder.</p>
<p>This grayish-white “tide” rapidly covered the entire room, enveloping both Lumian and Franca.</p>
<p>Under the constraints of the Bottle of Fiction, facing such a wide-range attack, Mirror Substitution seemed to have lost its effect, because after using a substitute, one would still appear in a petrifying area.</p>
<p>The next second, Lumian and Franca, covered in thick dust-like particles, regressed into grayish-white stone mirrors, but their figures did not appear anywhere within the Bottle of Fiction.</p>
<p>The Bottle of Fiction itself seemed to have undergone petrification, turning into a grayish-white, completely sealed cage.</p>
<p>Seeing this scene, the Demoness of Black in the full-length mirror murmured to herself, “Did they escape?”</p>
<p>The current situation indicated that Lumian, relying on the abilities of a Demoness of Despair, and Franca, using the power of the Ice Amulet, had managed to hide in a mirror just before being petrified, then traversed and escaped.</p>
<p>The current problem was that, given the Demoness of Black’s control over the mirror world, she could easily intercept the two in some illusory, dark tunnel, but she hadn’t sensed any movement.</p>
<p>At this moment, the Demoness of Black Clarice received a warning from her spirituality and suddenly turned around, casting her gaze towards the dense, illusory spider web behind her.</p>
<p>In one of those dim, unreal tunnels, Lumian, wearing a black cloak and very tall, held up an exaggeratedly shaped iron-black straight sword with one hand, descending from above to slash at the Demoness of Black.</p>
<p>Escape?</p>
<p>Someone holding the Sword of Courage wouldn’t consider this option!</p>
<p>If they were to escape, it would be using the retreat as a feint for advancing by setting a trap!</p>
<p>The intense white-blue flames on the Sword of Courage instantly surged into intense black, like boiling pitch, carrying the violence and madness to destroy all things, spirit and flesh.</p>
<p>Simultaneously, Lumian’s naturally hanging left palm imperceptibly pressed towards the Demoness of Black from a distance.</p>
<p>On his wrist, which was like a work of art, he wore a silver-white and black bracelet that looked cheap. His crystal-clear, light blue eyes took on a silver-black hue.</p>
<p><em>Boom!</em></p>
<p>The black flames, suppressing intensity and madness, exploded in mid-air. Fierce shock waves carrying countless black fires surged towards the Demoness of Black Clarice.</p>
<p>This ageless Demoness didn’t use Petrification to respond. Her body rapidly thinned and shrank, flashing a faint light.</p>
<p>She became a mirror.</p>
<p><em>Crack!</em> That mirror shattered in the explosion, its spirituality completely exhausted in the black flames.</p>
<p>The Fire of Destruction mixed in the terrifying explosion further engulfed the entire area behind the mirror, extinguishing all signs of life.</p>
<p>But when the Fire of Destruction extinguished and the explosion’s aftermath ended, the figure of the Demoness of Black outlined in one corner of the void black area behind the mirror.</p>
<p>She seemed able to control the timing of her return to reality after using Mirror Substitution, avoiding appearing in the fire while the Fire of Destruction was still burning.</p>
<p>Suddenly, behind the Demoness of Black, a mirror hidden in the darkness appeared. It directly reflected Clarice’s figure, and in the mirror was also Lumian, his clean face tinged with a dark hue from the remaining firelight.</p>
<p>Mirror Projection!</p>
<p>As soon as this Lumian appeared, he immediately transformed into quiet, evil black flames, enveloping the Demoness of Black’s figure in the mirror.</p>
<p>Only at this moment did the Demoness of Black seem to sense the danger, actively using Mirror Substitution.</p>
<p>But she was still a beat too slow. Her appearance in this corner, in front of this mirror with Lumian’s Mirror Projection, wasn’t coincidental, but a carefully designed outcome!</p>
<p>Lumian’s earlier apparent frontal attack with the Sword of Courage was actually focused on his left palm that wasn’t holding the sword.</p>
<p>He wore the Circle of Binding to elevate his ability to Compelling Fate to Sequence 4 level!</p>
<p>And he had just consumed nearly a third of his spirituality to make the fate of where the Demoness of Black would appear after using Mirror Substitution predetermined, making the corresponding tributary become part of the main stream.</p>
<p>Thus, the Demoness of Black “actively” walked into the trap, standing in front of the mirror with Lumian’s Mirror Projection.</p>
<p>At the same time, to prevent the Demoness of Black from detecting the danger in time, Lumian had, on one hand, applied anti-divination treatment to that mirror before launching the attack, and on the other hand, deliberately let the Fire of Destruction cover the entire area behind the mirror, making every corner look like there was no ambush—even if there was, it would obviously be destroyed by the Fire of Destruction. But in reality, relying on his Precision ability, he had covertly made some Fire of Destruction bypass the pre-placed mirror.</p>
<p>Under these various schemes, the Demoness of Black failed to use Mirror Substitution before Lumian’s Mirror Projection launched the Demoness’s curse.</p>
<p>The Demoness of Black’s deep gray eyes, seemingly hiding rain and mist, suddenly widened, and quiet, evil black flames burst forth from within her body.</p>
<p>These black flames burned fiercely, quickly igniting the soul of the Demoness of Black Clarice, accompanied by a silent explosion.</p>
<p>Curse plus Cull!</p>
<p><em>Crack, crack</em>, the figure of the Demoness of Black kept flashing, turning into mirror after mirror.</p>
<p>Those mirrors successively lost their luster, becoming dim, but unable to extinguish the black flames burning the Demoness of Black from the inside out.</p>
<p>After a few seconds, the Demoness of Black Clarice, too weak to use Mirror Substitution, saw Lumian’s figure walk up to her.</p>
<p>This beautiful girl wearing a black cloak, making her face appear even fairer, raised the huge straight sword burning with intense white-blue flames.</p>
<p>That iron-black giant sword came down with a thunderous sound, chopping at the Demoness of Black’s neck.</p>
<p><em>Boom!</em></p>
<p>This pitiable lady was torn to pieces, scattering around in the form of corpse pieces carrying black flames.</p>
<p>Franca’s figure returned from another void dark tunnel, looking at the large number of corpse pieces on the ground, and said with a stunned expression, “Is it resolved just like that?”</p>
<p>This was the Demoness of Black, a Demoness titled by color!</p>
<p>Previously, Franca had only hoped that Lumian could briefly suppress the Demoness of Black, not giving Clarice a chance to interfere with her action of escaping through the mirror world. If she successfully escaped, it would be much easier for Lumian, as a Sequence 4 demigod, to disengage from the battle afterwards.</p>
<p>Of course, Franca would inevitably hope to find an opportunity to use the Certain Death effect of the Inevitable Gun to accomplish the feat of slaying a demigod. If that failed, she could still use Sure Hit plus Impregnating Bullet to give Lumian a chance to destroy the enemy.</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t put away the Sword of Courage, staring at the still-burning corpse pieces, and said carefully, “She showed Sequence 3 level in some abilities, but overall seemed stiff and inexperienced. Not only did she not seem like an experienced Demoness of Unaging, but she also seemed a bit weaker than a normal Demoness of Despair. She didn’t even notice when I was placing mirrors while invisible…”</p>
<p>Before Lumian finished speaking, as the Demoness’s black flames finished burning, those corpse pieces began to fade, gradually dissolving, as if returning to formlessness.</p>
<p>“Not the normal Demoness of Black.” Franca quickly made a judgment.</p>
<p>“This also means we have no spoils,” Lumian laughed, saying to Franca who had already used up the last Mirror Traversal ability of the Ice Amulet, “Let’s return to the real world first, and I’ll come back later to check what’s left in the end.”</p>
<p>Franca understood that Lumian was worried that the abnormal state of the Demoness of Black might lead to a corpse transformation or bring other accidents. If only he came to check, it would be much safer.</p>
<p>Without being reckless, Franca pressed her hand behind the mirror, leaving this area and returning with Lumian to the living room of apartment 702.</p>
<p>Everything here had turned to stone, and with the removal of the Bottle of Fiction, grayish-white powder fell like rain.</p>
<p>Franca covered her mouth and nose, muttering, “This is severe pollution.”</p>
<p>She reached into the Traveler’s Bag, intending to take out the remaining verl d’or and leave it here as compensation for the damaged furniture.</p>
<p>At this moment, Lumian suddenly had a premonition. His figure disappeared in an instant, melting into the shadows, hiding in the bedroom where Jenna had originally lived.</p>
<p>The next second, Franca also sensed something with her spirituality, casting her gaze towards the glass window that had been protected by the Bottle of Fiction and had not yet petrified.</p>
<p>The left part of the double-opening glass window suddenly darkened, quickly outlining a figure as if reflecting an image on water.</p>
<p>That figure wore a black, elegant court dress, with black hair coiled up, wearing a hat with a dark veil hanging down. Her face was indescribably beautiful, her deep gray eyes bright but revealing undisguisable sorrow, her red lips slightly curved, her chin beautifully arched. Not only men but also women who saw her would instinctively feel pity.</p>
<p>Demoness of Black!</p>
<p>Demoness of Black Clarice!</p>
<p>At this moment, Franca was a bit stunned.</p>
<p><em>Did the Demoness of Black get reanimated?</em></p>
<p><em>No, even if it was a reanimation, it should have appeared on the full-length mirror in the living room!</em></p>
<p><em>If it isn’t reanimation, who is this now, and who was that earlier?</em></p>
<p>As Franca’s mind instantly tensed, the Demoness of Black on the glass window gently nodded and asked in a soft voice, “What exactly happened a few days ago that made you only return now?”</p>
<p><em>This attitude… it’s very amiable…</em> Franca, who had initially thought of drawing her gun and attacking, suddenly felt confused.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
