<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch908.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-901-the-final-inquiry" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 901: The Final Inquiry</h2>
<p>Madam Magician silently breathed a sigh of relief when she saw Lumian receive the last lucky coin.</p>
<p>Although the Major Arcana card holder had roughly confirmed through prophecy, divination, and psychological analysis that things would develop this way, the subject involved was an Ancient angel, the son of a true god. No one could be certain the result would necessarily unfold as expected. If there had been a deviation, they would have had to formulate a new plan.</p>
<p>Madam Magician produced a small golden bottle inscribed with mysterious symbols from somewhere and smiled at Azik Eggers, saying, “Mr. Azik, this is some excess water from the Samaritan Women’s Spring. It’s something produced by corruption from the power at the source of the River Styx. It has multiple effects including repairing souls, inducing sleep, bringing complete death or true dreams, and granting lucidity in dreams. We’d like to ask for your help in making it manifest only one of two qualities—either ‘inducing sleep’ or ‘granting lucidity in dreams’—and enhancing that effect.”</p>
<p><em>Repairing souls…</em> Lumian paid no attention to the fact that there was leftover Samaritan Women’s Spring water from what he had previously collected. His focus was entirely on the “repairing souls” effect.</p>
<p><em>Could this gradually make Aurore’s soul fragments whole again?</em></p>
<p>“No problem,” said Azik, taking the small golden bottle containing the Samaritan Women’s Spring water.</p>
<p>Madam Magician, seeming to sense Lumian’s thoughts, casually explained to him, “The Samaritan Women’s Spring water does indeed have the effect of repairing souls, but it’s limited to repair only. Just as ‘limb regeneration’ abilities can regrow lost arms and legs, but can’t grow a whole new person from an arm or leg. That falls under the domain of the Great Mother.”</p>
<p>She had previously answered the question of what exactly the fake Demoness of Black was, believing that neither she nor the one with the most accurate divination results knew the precise answer. This implied that the relevant secrets must involve the special mirror world.</p>
<p>“Even some repair effects are good,” Lumian said softly after a moment of silence.</p>
<p>At this point, a blurry, upright, terrifying giant snake appeared behind Azik, almost touching the illusory sky.</p>
<p>Pale-white flames burned in the giant snake’s eye sockets. It seemed to have a pair of thick, exaggerated wings on its back. Its body was covered in large dark green scales that appeared black, with what looked like white feathers protruding from between the scales.</p>
<p>Although Lumian couldn’t clearly see the appearance of each feather and scale or the strange symbols they bore, just directly gazing at this phantom image gave him the sensation of rapidly dying, his skin withering and shriveling.</p>
<p>This was damage that Mirror Substitution couldn’t transfer.</p>
<p>Fortunately, the illusory winged giant snake quickly coiled itself, wrapping layer upon layer around the golden bottle that couldn’t even fill one of its eye sockets.</p>
<p>Then, the terrifying giant snake rapidly faded, instantly shrinking into the golden bottle.</p>
<p>Lumian gradually returned to normal.</p>
<p>Azik handed the golden bottle back to The Magician. “Anyone who touches the spring water in the bottle will fall into a long sleep, myself included.</p>
<p>“It will have a slight effect on true gods, but not much, unless that deity is already very weak or in a state of slumber.</p>
<p>“If you want someone who has fallen asleep because of this to wake up, you’ll need to collect some more water from the Samaritan Women’s Spring and process it in a similar way but with the opposite effect, or seek help from a true god with the corresponding authority.”</p>
<p>Lumian was not surprised that the processed Samaritan Women’s Spring water would only have a weak effect on true gods.</p>
<p>Even the remnant soul of the Blood Emperor could occasionally wake up and cause trouble in the mysterious river that was the source of the Samaritan Women’s Spring, let alone this secondary derivative!</p>
<p>Madam Magician handed the golden bottle to Lumian. “This might be useful in the dream, but it’s uncertain.”</p>
<p>Lumian nodded slightly and placed the bottle of processed Samaritan Women’s Spring water into his Traveler’s Bag.</p>
<p>Madam Magician then turned to Azik and curtsied. “Thank you for your help. We have achieved all our objectives today. Is there anything you need us to do?”</p>
<p>Azik cast His gaze towards the oil paintings on both sides of the corridor and said with a somewhat dazed expression, “Nothing at present. I’ve been asleep for several years. I want to walk around and see the changes in this world.”</p>
<p>Madam Magician didn’t say more, and left with Lumian after bidding farewell.</p>
<p>Before being enveloped by starlight, Lumian turned his head for a glance and saw the former Death Consul, with eyes full of world-weariness, standing silently in front of an oil painting, wordlessly caressing its surface with His fingers.</p>
<hr />
<p>In the evening.</p>
<p>Except for Lugano, who was informed he would have a period of vacation to arrange freely, Lumian, Franca, Jenna, Anthony, and Ludwig all gathered in the apartment on Rue de la Gauche in Quartier de l’Observatoire.</p>
<p>Madam Magician, wearing a cream-colored high-collar dress with gold embroidery and a wide-brimmed hat for sun protection, stood by the window and said to the five lucky coin holders,</p>
<p>“I must emphasize once again the potential risks.</p>
<p>“In Mr. Fool’s dream, if you die, you will die in reality. If you lose control or go mad, you will lose control or go mad in reality. If you are directly corrupted by that Celestial Worthy or some other entity, you will also suffer corruption in reality. If you develop psychological illnesses or experience intense emotional fluctuations, your sleeping body in reality will bear corresponding problems.</p>
<p>“Mere injury or fatigue has very little effect on reality. You can quickly recover by leaving the dream and briefly waking up, or by spending time healing within the dream.</p>
<p>“In that dream world, you can use all your abilities, but their effects will be limited to the level of Sequence 7. The essence of this limitation is that Mr. Fool’s self-awareness has not yet recovered. In other words, if the Mr. Fool in the dream realizes that Beyonder abilities can achieve effects corresponding to Sequence 6, your levels will recover to that Sequence accordingly.</p>
<p>“Similarly, except for special items like the Samaritan Women’s Spring water, your other equipment in the dream is essentially derived from your consciousness and is also limited.</p>
<p>“The good news is that those hostile entities and Beyonders driven by the Celestial Worthy who enter Mr. Fool’s dream through other methods will be subject to similar restrictions. However, that Celestial Worthy can manage the dream to some extent and in certain aspects. Unless it’s the final moment, you’d better avoid the Celestial Worthy and have no contact with Him.”</p>
<p>At this point, Lumian raised a question, “In Mr. Fool’s dream, what identity and form does the Celestial Worthy exist in?”</p>
<p>If this could be clarified, they could effectively avoid that Celestial Worthy.</p>
<p>Madam Magician shook her head.</p>
<p>“If we knew that, the previous lucky coin holders wouldn’t have been kicked out of the dream so quickly or had their actions restricted.</p>
<p>“Confirming the Celestial Worthy’s identity in the dream is a key point of your mission this time.”</p>
<p>Madam Magician spoke about other matters related to the dream, and finally asked seriously,</p>
<p>“Now, you can make your own choices. Are you willing to hold Mr. Fool’s coins and enter his true dream, attempting to awaken him?</p>
<p>“If you’re unwilling, we won’t force you, but you’ll need to follow the guidance of spirituality and pass on the lucky coins in your possession as soon as possible.</p>
<p>“If you’re willing, after the matter is concluded, whether Mr. Fool is successfully awakened or not, we will reward you generously.”</p>
<p>“I have no problem with it,” Lumian, wearing a cloak but without the hood, was the first to answer.</p>
<p>“Me too.” Jenna was the second.</p>
<p>Franca and Anthony followed, also willing.</p>
<p>The only one hesitating was Ludwig. This little boy with a red bow tie’s expression changed several times, resisting something unknown.</p>
<p>Finally, he looked at Franca and Jenna, and said through gritted teeth, “I’m willing to go into the dream.”</p>
<p>Although the food eaten in the dream is fake and illusory, at least there’s no studying and exams!</p>
<p>Franca, who had already digested the Affliction potion, glanced amusingly at Ludwig and whispered in Jenna’s ear, “This child really isn’t smart enough. As soon as I heard Madam Magician’s descriptions earlier, I clearly came to a conclusion: If you digest a potion in Mr. Fool’s dream, it will happen in reality too!”</p>
<p>Jenna responded quietly, “Let’s tell Ludwig this fact after we enter Mr. Fool’s dream.”</p>
<p>At this moment, Madam Magician nodded slightly and said, “I’m very glad you’ve made this choice. Let me remind you one last time, try to delay being kicked out of the dream as much as possible. Once you’ve been kicked out more than three times, subsequent entries will either result in immediate ejection or complete restriction, leaving you as mere observers.”</p>
<p>“Yes, Madam Magician,” Lumian and the others stood up one after another.</p>
<p>Specks of brilliant starlight fell, enveloping them.</p>
<p>In the blink of an eye, the five appeared inside a luxurious villa.</p>
<p>“This is also in Trier. Choose your own rooms, but don’t be next to each other, in case one person is discovered and affects the others nearby,” Madam Magician briefly introduced.</p>
<p>“Alright.” Having made the decision, Franca was no longer hesitant and eager to try.</p>
<p>After Lumian and the others had settled on their rooms, Madam Magician said to them as they returned to the corridor,</p>
<p>“Now go to bed and sleep while holding your lucky coins.”</p>
<p>“Is that all it takes?” Franca asked in confusion.</p>
<p><em>Isn’t that too simple?</em></p>
<p>Madam Magician chuckled. “No, this is just the first step. Miss Justice will need to intervene later.”</p>
<p>“Mm.” Lumian and the others didn’t ask further. They returned to their chosen rooms, gripped their shiny lucky coins, lay down on the firm yet springy beds, and covered themselves with soft blankets that smelled of sunshine.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
