<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch916.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-909-case-investigation" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 909: Case Investigation</h2>
<p>The next morning.</p>
<p>After cleaning up in the master bedroom bathroom, Franca walked into the living room and immediately saw plastic bags piled on the wooden dining table. Those semi-transparent white plastic bags contained various foods like fried dough sticks, sesame balls, steamed dumplings, xiaolongbao, and regular steamed buns. Next to them were cups of soy milk and bottles of milk.</p>
<p>The aroma permeating the air felt both familiar and tempting to Franca. She blurted out in surprise, “Who bought all this?”</p>
<p><em>Don’t you need me as a guide to help with communication anymore?</em></p>
<p><em>Is this really a “foreigner” who’s been here for less than 24 hours?</em></p>
<p>Lumian smiled and pointed to himself. “Of course it was me.”</p>
<p>Franca looked him up and down. “You bought so much breakfast at once, didn’t the shopkeeper find it strange?”</p>
<p>“It’s not like I bought them all from one place,” Lumian said, glancing at Ludwig who had bitten off half a sesame ball, revealing some of the red bean paste filling inside. He smiled and continued, “Later, one shopkeeper did ask when he saw me carrying so much food.”</p>
<p>“How did you answer?” Franca asked vigilantly.</p>
<p>Lumian chuckled. “I said I was doing multi-level marketing.”</p>
<p>“…” Franca’s mouth gaped slightly, at a loss for words.</p>
<p>“The shopkeeper had the same reaction, then asked if I was joking.” Lumian maintained his smile. “I said yes, I was actually preparing breakfast for a company team-building event.”</p>
<p>“Where did you learn these terms?” Franca asked, looking slightly bewildered.</p>
<p>Lumian chuckled in response. “Aurore mentioned them before, and I asked about them, but I still didn’t understand what they meant. Last night I finally figured it out online.”</p>
<p>“Your learning ability is quite amazing…” Franca said, her lip twitching slightly.</p>
<p><em>He’s already surfing the internet so quickly!</em></p>
<p><em>Good thing this guy hasn’t learned to use food delivery apps to order breakfast directly yet, otherwise what use would I be as a guide?</em></p>
<p>Lumian said in an Aurore-like smug tone, “I’ve already applied for a QQ number and a backup WeChat account. Once we finish the observation phase of our work, I’ll try adding Mr. Fool.”</p>
<p>“…” Franca thought about how this guy was now essentially a genuine beauty who could switch to a beautiful female form at any time. She couldn’t help but quip, “Mr. Fool will think you’re selling tea leaves and won’t add you at all.”</p>
<p>“What?” Lumian was a bit confused.</p>
<p>Finally something you don’t know! Franca pulled out a chair and sat down, then tore open the soy milk seal, broke off half a dough stick, and dropped it in to soak.</p>
<p>After doing this, she began “educating” Lumian and Anthony, who was silently eating breakfast, on some Internet common sense—Jenna had taken the second half of the night watch and was still catching up on sleep.</p>
<p>Towards the end, Franca pondered for a moment and said to Lumian, “Although you’re adapting and integrating very well, I still don’t think you should have made that kind of joke when buying breakfast. That kind of joke leaves a strong impression, and you’re quite handsome now, so the breakfast shop owner has definitely remembered you. This isn’t very conducive to our current plan of hiding our identities and observing quietly.”</p>
<p>“If we weren’t concerned about this, afraid of becoming too famous and attracting the Celestial Worthy’s attention, we could even start a livestream to make money, and take Ludwig to eat at buffets!”</p>
<p>Lumian thought about it seriously, “Indeed, I’ll be more careful. We’ll have Anthony go buy things from now on.”</p>
<p>At this point, Lumian sincerely praised Franca, “You’re even more attentive than me when it comes to these things.”</p>
<p>Franca used chopsticks to pick up a section of dough sticks soaked in sweet soy milk, stuffed it in her mouth, chewed and swallowed, then half-closed her eyes and sighed with both intoxication and satisfaction. “This is it…”</p>
<p>She paused, then said proudly, “Of course, I’ve seriously acted as an Assassin before. I’m definitely not the kind of assassin who thinks ‘killing everyone who sees me equals successful stealth’!”</p>
<p>They chatted idly for a while, and Jenna also got up and started eating the breakfast Lumian had put in the Traveler’s Bag earlier, which Ludwig hadn’t discovered.</p>
<p>Just then, there was a knock at the door.</p>
<p>Lumian and Franca went to open the door one after the other, and saw two people in police uniforms standing outside. The leader had a receding hairline and gray eyes, while the one behind him had black hair and green eyes, looking very handsome but with a lazy, carefree air about him.</p>
<p>Franca’s pupils suddenly dilated.</p>
<p>She recognized the young police officer with emerald eyes.</p>
<p>It was the Major Arcana card holder, Mr. Star!</p>
<p>Franca was about to greet him happily when she suddenly realized.</p>
<p>Mr. Star had been locked onto by the Celestial Worthy and would be kicked out shortly after entering the dream each time. The one before her should only be the dream image of Mr. Star woven by Mr. Fool’s subconscious.</p>
<p>“Good morning, my name is Deng, I’m the police officer responsible for this area,” the gray-eyed policeman smiled and asked. “You just moved in yesterday, right?”</p>
<p>“Yes,” Lumian didn’t hide it.</p>
<p><em>The police here even know we just arrived yesterday?</em></p>
<p><em>The police in Trier were never this efficient…</em></p>
<p>Officer Deng said amiably, “Do you have a temporary residence permit…”</p>
<p>“Captain, it’s called a residence permit now,” the young police officer behind him with black hair and green eyes, who was suspected to be the dream image of the Major Arcana card holder, Mr. Star, reminded him helplessly.</p>
<p>He seemed to have reminded him many times before.</p>
<p>“Haha, I forgot, I forgot.” Officer Deng laughed self-deprecatingly.</p>
<p>“We haven’t had time to get one yet,” Franca quickly answered, afraid that Lumian wouldn’t know what a residence permit was.</p>
<p>“Then when you have time, go to the police station across from New City Garden to get one. If you young lovers get married later and have children, you’ll need this to enroll them in public kindergartens,” Officer Deng reminded them in a casual manner.</p>
<p><em>Fast-forwarding to marriage and children already…</em> Franca found it both amusing and helpless.</p>
<p>“Captain…” Mr. Star behind Officer Deng reminded him once again.</p>
<p>Officer Deng smiled.”I almost forgot, we came to ask you something today. Call all your friends over.”</p>
<p>When Jenna came to the entrance area holding Ludwig’s hand, along with Anthony, Officer Deng took out a photo. “Have you seen this person?”</p>
<p>The man in the photo had dyed his hair and eyebrows a burnt yellow color, with unremarkable facial features. It was clearly Oracle Danitz.</p>
<p>“We’ve seen him,” Lumian answered, pretending to think. “He handed out fliers to us last night. What was his name again?”</p>
<p>He turned his gaze to Jenna.</p>
<p>Jenna, holding Ludwig’s hand, said, “His surname was Da, I don’t remember his full name. He wanted to recommend a suitable tutoring class for children. I was planning to go check it out when I have time.”</p>
<p>Seeing Lumian and Jenna speaking like an old married couple with a child, Officer Deng’s gaze swept back and forth between the two of them, and between Lumian and Franca.</p>
<p><em>Young people these days…</em></p>
<p>“Did something happen to him?” Lumian asked curiously, taking the initiative.</p>
<p>Officer Deng explained briefly, “He didn’t return to his residence last night. His roommate reported him missing, and we’re investigating everyone he had contact with last night.”</p>
<p>Franca and Jenna resisted the urge to look at Lumian, while Lumian spoke the truest words, “He gave us fliers, chatted for a bit, then left.”</p>
<p>Officer Deng and Mr. Star asked a few more details and made notes.</p>
<p>After they left and everyone sat back at the dining table, Franca looked at Lumian and asked with concern, “Is the Oracle’s body still in that mirror?”</p>
<p>Lumian took out the corresponding mirror and checked. “It’s still there.”</p>
<p>There was still a mirror world here, and Lumian could still freely enter and exit, but he could now directly narrow the range of different mirrors to within 500 meters. For mirrors he had already mastered locating, the distance between them couldn’t exceed ten kilometers when wanting to traverse, otherwise there was a risk of getting lost in the void tunnel.</p>
<p>Jenna nodded. “Then we can rule out the first guess from yesterday.</p>
<p>“Critical things that Mr. Fool’s dream identity doesn’t know about or hasn’t heard of will also become real and evolve further.”</p>
<p>The remaining two guesses were that all the NPCs in the dream had part of Mr. Fool’s subconscious integrated into them, and that the Oracle’s death was done by the Celestial Worthy’s subordinates.</p>
<p>These two were not completely opposed and could both be true.</p>
<p>Lumian offered a curt acknowledgment. “If it was done by the Celestial Worthy’s subordinates, the disappearance of the body would puzzle them as well. Besides the police, there should be people investigating the Oracle’s whereabouts, we need to be careful.”</p>
<p>After discussing this for a while, Lumian looked at the long-stopped wall clock, then at the sky outside.</p>
<p>“It seems to be getting late.”</p>
<p>Franca took out her phone, lit up the screen, looked at it and said, “It’s time to go out, Mr. Fool should be heading to the company soon.”</p>
<p>Lumian thought for a moment and said to Franca, “I’m worried we’ll encounter Amon again if we take a taxi. Last night I found out online that there’s also the option of renting a car. Although it will cost more, it’s safer and more discreet.</p>
<p>“Do you know how to drive?”</p>
<p>“I have a driver’s license,” Franca blinked and said, “The identity documents provided by Madam Justice also include a driver’s license.”</p>
<p>“I’m asking if you know how to drive,” Lumian emphasized, amused.</p>
<p>Franca flew into a rage out of humiliation. “I got my license in college, but before I graduated, uh, I came to Intis. Where would I have had a car to drive?</p>
<p>“If you ask me if I know how to drive, I can only answer that I have a license.”</p>
<p>She felt that Anthony, who was currently experiencing the dream world, should have already guessed that she came from a different world.</p>
<p>Before Lumian could ask again, she said confidently, “With a Beyonder’s eyesight, hearing, reaction time, and physical coordination, plus my driving knowledge, I don’t think driving will be a problem. Didn’t you quickly master how to use chopsticks yesterday?”</p>
<p>“Then let’s rent a car.” Lumian made the decision.</p>
<p>Although Franca felt the pain of spending money, thinking that she could borrow more, she suppressed that feeling.</p>
<p><em>By the due date, we might have completed the mission and left the dream!</em></p>
<hr />
<p>In a temporary parking spot across from a large building.</p>
<p>Sitting in a gray sedan, Lumian and the others intently observed the white-collar workers entering the building, some hurried and some leisurely, through the tinted car windows.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
