<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch918.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-911-a-way-to-make-money" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 911: A Way to Make Money</h2>
<p><em>Reanimated female corpse?</em> Franca and the others were all startled.</p>
<p>Last night, Lumian had said he intuitively believed that before long, they would encounter that reanimated female corpse. As a result, they ran into her today?</p>
<p>“Where?” Jenna asked in a lowered voice.</p>
<p>Lumian looked towards the escalator without showing any outward sign of abnormality. “In the supermarket.”</p>
<p>He didn’t immediately turn around to track the reanimated female corpse, because Franca casually glanced at a corner of the ceiling, then carelessly looked around.</p>
<p>The first action was to remind Lumian that there were multiple cameras here, while the latter behavior implied that there were many people around, many phones, and if he were to cause any commotion, it would likely be filmed as a short video, uploaded online, and become a trending topic. If that happened, it would likely catch the Celestial Worthy’s attention!</p>
<p>Although Lumian could use Mirror Maze and other illusions to affect cameras and phones, this wasn’t a scenario he had preset. He would have to chase all the way, and couldn’t use mirror magic every few steps.</p>
<p>It was only because they lived in a rather dilapidated area of the old town that there were quite a few cameras on the main roads and at the entrances of various residential areas. Once in quiet alleys that few people usually walked, there wasn’t much surveillance. Otherwise, Lumian’s act of moving Oracle Danitz’s corpse would have been recorded long ago. Franca would certainly have stopped him first at that time, telling him to find a blind spot in the surveillance to take out the mirror, create a Mirror Maze step by step before approaching the corpse.</p>
<p>Hearing his godfather’s answer that the reanimated female corpse was in the supermarket, Ludwig’s eyes lit up, and he raised his short arm. “Let’s go chase her!”</p>
<p><em>Kid, you have gotten a bit smarter, even knowing how to take advantage of this situation! I can’t tell if you want to use this as an excuse to go into the supermarket to get food, or if you think that female corpse might be more delicious…</em> Franca silently grumbled, turning her gaze to Jenna.</p>
<p>Jenna intuitively understood Franca’s hint and said with a smile, “We can’t track with so many people. Anthony and I will take Ludwig back to the car first. You and Lumian go into the supermarket to find her.”</p>
<p>The expression of expectation and desire on Ludwig’s face suddenly froze.</p>
<p>“Alright.” Franca took out the car keys and tossed them to Jenna.</p>
<p>“I also want to contribute to the team…” Ludwig hadn’t finished speaking before being dragged away by Jenna, disappointment and pain evident in his expression.</p>
<p>Franca quickly turned around, grabbed a shopping cart from nearby, and pushed it towards the supermarket. Lumian followed beside her, his gaze naturally sweeping over the displays and rows of shelves.</p>
<p>While searching for traces of the reanimated female corpse, Franca began picking out items.</p>
<p>“Grab that can of lard, and get some light soy sauce, dark soy sauce, salt, MSG, chili oil…” She ordered Lumian around without hesitation, while also constantly putting some kitchen items into the shopping cart herself.</p>
<p><em>Although cooking at home wastes time, it saves a lot of money!</em></p>
<p>Later they could go to the frozen goods wholesale market to buy some cheap items. The only problem was that the refrigerator in the rental apartment was too small, unable to hold more than a few days’ worth of food.</p>
<p><em>So you can buy things this way…</em> Lumian experienced for the first time the joy of picking up goods himself without needing to find a salesperson. He interestedly placed a bottle of alcohol into the shopping cart.</p>
<p>“This is cooking wine! Well, we need it anyway.” Franca glanced amusedly at this regular customer of Ol’ Tavern.</p>
<p>The two chatted and laughed, moving through the supermarket in a harmonious atmosphere, no different from other families shopping around them.</p>
<p>Under this disguise, Lumian and Franca confirmed the situation in every corner of the supermarket, but found no trace of the reanimated female corpse.</p>
<p>“She may have already left. Let’s check out first.” Franca looked at the dozens of pounds of freshly made noodles and a ten-kilogram bag of rice on top of the shopping cart, genuinely delighted at how much money they could save on meals in the coming days.</p>
<p>Lumian nodded. “We’ll take turns cooking later.”</p>
<p>Franca patted Lumian’s shoulder with a smile. “I’m looking forward to your culinary skills.”</p>
<p>This trip, the two bought nearly 500 yuan worth of goods, most of which were inexpensive ingredients that could fill stomachs.</p>
<p>After leaving the supermarket exit, Lumian and Franca quickly scanned around but still didn’t see any sign of the reanimated female corpse.</p>
<p>Almost simultaneously, Franca noticed a shop with the words “Lottery” written on it.</p>
<p>Her heart suddenly stirred, and she turned her head to look at Lumian, asking with full expectation, “Can you still use your abilities to Magnified Fate and Compelling Fate?”</p>
<p>“Of course.” Lumian cast his gaze towards the shop Franca had just been looking at. “But only at the Sequence 7 level. I can’t influence relatively crucial and important fates unless their probability of occurrence is already very high.”</p>
<p>A smile gradually blossomed on Franca’s face, attracting the gazes of several passersby, both men and women.</p>
<p>“Let’s go buy some lottery tickets!” She said with a firm tone, concealing her joy.</p>
<p><em>Is she wanting me to magnify the fate stream of her winning, or forcibly compel fate in that direction?</em> Lumian had long known what lottery meant. In the past, Aurore would occasionally give him gifts in the form of lottery tickets on major holidays, with a 100% win rate.</p>
<p>“Let’s give it a try.” Lumian’s subtext was to buy a small amount first, and even if Compelling Fate was ineffective in Mr. Fool’s dream, they wouldn’t lose too much.</p>
<p>Franca rubbed her hands together and walked towards the lottery booth with a bright and clear smile.</p>
<p>Before transmigrating, she would buy ten to twenty yuan worth of lottery tickets every week or two, purely for entertainment, but never had returns exceeding the principal.</p>
<p><em>Now, I’ve come with good luck!</em></p>
<p>She didn’t directly buy lottery tickets like the Double Color Ball, but instead spent fifty yuan on different versions of scratch cards.</p>
<p>As she paid and made her selections, Lumian’s eyes took on a silver-white color with black.</p>
<p>He reached out to Franca, embracing her shoulders in a couple-like gesture, using this to complete his touch on the River of Fate.</p>
<p>The corresponding stream was magnified.</p>
<p>Franca instinctively twisted her body, not quite comfortable with such an embrace, especially in public.</p>
<p>But she quickly returned to a normal state, allowing Lumian to embrace her shoulders.</p>
<p>Her eyes had already lit up.</p>
<p>She scratched off the corresponding numbers!</p>
<p><em>This is worth 50 yuan!</em></p>
<p>While Lumian was paying attention to the various grand prize information being announced at the lottery booth, Franca finished scratching all the lottery tickets, winning a total of two thousand.</p>
<p>“Haha!” She laughed silently and smugly.</p>
<p><em>Finally made a profit!</em></p>
<p><em>Beyonder powers are great!</em></p>
<p>After cashing in the prizes, Franca said to Lumian in an exceptionally cheerful mood, “I’m going to buy a few Double Color Ball tickets.”</p>
<p>At this point, she lowered her voice, “Don’t worry about those fate streams for the grand prize, a third or second prize would be fine.”</p>
<p>Lumian nodded gently.</p>
<p>Franca immediately thought of some numbers and bought 5 entries.</p>
<p>As they walked towards the nearest direct elevator, Lumian asked Franca with a smile, “Why don’t you want to win the first prize? I see the first prize money is worth a lot, and you could even win dozens at once.”</p>
<p>Franca wrinkled her nose and said, “Didn’t you say that currently you can only influence fates that aren’t too crucial or important? That kind of overnight wealth probably can’t be achieved.</p>
<p>“Besides, even if you could really make me win, the final result might not be what I bought. ‘Fate’ has long been predetermined.”</p>
<p>After complaining a bit, Franca asked with concern, “Did Magnified Fate just now succeed?”</p>
<p>Lumian chuckled. “No.”</p>
<p>“…My money!” Franca blurted out, then immediately comforted herself, “Good thing it wasn’t much.”</p>
<p>Lumian explained simply, “I only realized this wasn’t an instant-win lottery when you were buying. The results won’t come out for several days. The corresponding fate streams are complex and intricate, with too many variables. I couldn’t clearly see which one led to the winning fate, I could only magnify the one with special characteristics. What the final result will be, I don’t know either.</p>
<p>“We can only pray for Mr. Fool’s blessing.” Franca expressed understanding.</p>
<p>Seeing that the direct elevator was about to arrive, Lumian looked left and right and asked thoughtfully,</p>
<p>“We’re under surveillance, so that reanimated female corpse should be too.</p>
<p>“Is there any way to check the mall’s surveillance footage to see what she came here to do?”</p>
<p>“We’re not the police; we don’t have that authority.” Franca instinctively replied.</p>
<p>“Sneak in at night and look through it ourselves?” Lumian suggested.</p>
<p>Franca said with amusement, “The Major Arcana card holders told us to obey the law as much as possible. Why do you always want to dance on the edge of breaking the law?”</p>
<p>“It’s fine if we don’t get caught.” Lumian said with a smile, “We can’t just report it to the police and let them investigate, can we? Wouldn’t that turn it back into a confrontation between Mr. Fool and the Celestial Worthy? We need to use the police, not rely on them.”</p>
<p>Franca thought for a few seconds and said, “We’ll see how it goes tonight.”</p>
<hr />
<p>In the rented apartment on the sixth floor.</p>
<p>Franca looked at Ludwig, his head buried in a large bowl, chopsticks constantly moving, and proudly boasted to Lumian and the others, “My cooking skills aren’t bad, right?”</p>
<p>This child is quite easy to feed. Noodles, seasonings, and a topping with a bit of minced meat satisfied him. He doesn’t have to go out to eat good food!</p>
<p>“It’s quite good, but I hope you’re not only capable of making noodles.” Lumian took a sip of the noodle soup and put down his chopsticks.</p>
<p>“I also hope your culinary skills are as good as you say.” Franca responded with a smile.</p>
<p>Just as Lumian was about to say something, his expression suddenly changed slightly.</p>
<p>He quickly took out a mirror from his pocket, the mirror that contained Oracle Danitz’s corpse!</p>
<p>At this moment, a pale hand without luster was reflected on the surface of the mirror.</p>
<p>This hand was reaching out from the darkness towards the outside of the mirror.</p>
<p>Black flames restraining madness and violence immediately condensed on both sides of Lumian. They fell onto that mirror like meteors.</p>
<p>With a slight explosive sound, the mirror suddenly shattered into pieces, enveloped by the black flames, rapidly losing its limited spirituality.</p>
<p>Crackling sounds continued to ring out as the mirror fragments fell to the ground, breaking into even smaller pieces.</p>
<p>The pale hand was no longer visible on the surface of these fragments.</p>
<p>“Has the Oracle’s corpse reanimated?” Jenna looked at this scene and asked in astonishment.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
