<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch913.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-906-suspicious-details" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 906: Suspicious Details</h2>
<p><em>Sia Tas?</em> Franca quickly examined the face and ears of the woman surnamed Sia, partially hidden by her glossy black hair.</p>
<p>According to information provided by the Major Arcana card holders, Sia Tas, who currently rented the same apartment as Mr. Fool, was an ancient elf in reality. Her boyfriend Mobet was a viscount from the Fourth Epoch’s Solomon Empire and a member of the Zoroast family. Both of them have been dead for many years.</p>
<p>Franca quickly withdrew her gaze, not letting Sia Tas notice her observation.</p>
<p>This was the professionalism of an Assassin.</p>
<p>As for her previous blatant staring, she wasn’t worried about being suspected at all. Sia Tas’s action of kicking away the thief had drawn everyone’s attention.</p>
<p>Franca lowered her voice and said to Lumian and the others, “Her ears are slightly pointed, and her facial features are consistent with local residents. It should be Sia Tas.”</p>
<p><em>Damn it, could the ancestors of the elven race really be transmigrators? Except for a few minor details, Sia Tas could pass as a local in this city without any flaws!</em></p>
<p>She even wanted to chat with Sia Tas!</p>
<p>Lumian glanced at Ludwig, who was gnawing on the end of his chopsticks, and said thoughtfully, “Could Sia Tas be that Celestial Worthy? Or could she be a Beyonder subordinate of that Celestial Worthy?”</p>
<p>“…” Both Franca and Jenna were stunned by this question.</p>
<p>“It doesn’t seem likely…” Franca resisted the urge to look at Sia Tas again.</p>
<p>Jenna pondered for a moment and then suggested, “The Sia Tas in the dream should be a fake person woven by Mr. Fool’s subconscious based on memories.”</p>
<p>“A fake person could also be that Celestial Worthy, or could be used by that Celestial Worthy,” Lumian said with a smile.</p>
<p>For some reason, seeing his smile, both Franca and Jenna’s hearts beat a little faster. They felt that his male form had lost some of its handsome aura compared to before, but gained more beauty. When he smiled, it was like sunlight shining on his face.</p>
<p><em>Oh right, although Lumian’s subconscious is still male, the modifications to his body by the potion has long been recognized and remembered by his subconscious. In situations not involving gender identity, the enhancement of appearance and increase in charm from the Demoness pathway would definitely be reflected in the dream… What should this be called, an Incubus?</em> Franca first had a sudden realization, then started complaining internally.</p>
<p>Lumian continued, “Sia Tas is one of the closest people to Mr. Fool, living in another room in the same rental apartment. Why couldn’t such a person be that Celestial Worthy? Why couldn’t she be controlled by that Celestial Worthy in some way, becoming His puppet, being used by Him?</p>
<p>“The closer someone is to Mr. Fool, the more suspicious they are.”</p>
<p>“Right,” Anthony rarely took the initiative to share his own views. “In the information, the Oracle mentioned that Sia Tas and Mobet only had contact with Mr. Fool’s Angel of Redemption, the incarnation walking on earth, that great adventurer Gehrman Sparrow, and they are already dead. To Mr. Fool, they are neither important nor special. Why would the ones living with Mr. Fool, so close to him, be these two, and not other fake people, such as the dream counterparts of some Major Arcana card holders?”</p>
<p>“It is indeed worth suspecting.” Franca and Jenna both nodded slowly.</p>
<p>Lumian immediately added, “I mainly wanted to make one point clear: at this stage, we should focus on observation, supplemented by analyzing the contents of the information and collecting information. We absolutely must not contact Mr. Fool, and we should try not to contact these people around Mr. Fool. The closer they are to Mr. Fool, the less we should contact them.”</p>
<p>“But if we don’t make contact, how can we conduct further investigations later? How can we determine the identity of the Celestial Worthy? How can we gradually awaken Mr. Fool?” Franca raised a question.</p>
<p>Lumian chuckled. “We’re just not making contact at this stage. After we complete the observation work, we will make contact with purpose and plan. That will also be a form of probing.”</p>
<p>“Probing…” Jenna and Franca vaguely grasped Lumian’s idea.</p>
<p>They were about to inquire further when the cold dishes were ready and brought to their table along with several bottles of beer.</p>
<p>After the waiter left, Franca picked up her chopsticks, easily opened the bottle caps, and poured a glass for everyone except Ludwig.</p>
<p><em>Children can only drink soda and dairy products!</em></p>
<p>Franca tapped her glass full of golden liquid on the table and said with a smile, “The past cannot be retrieved, the future cannot be known. Let’s toast to the fact that we’re all still together now and can enjoy life!”</p>
<p>Lumian shook his head with a smile, but still clinked glasses with Franca, Jenna, and Anthony. Then, he tilted his head back and gulped down the glass of beer.</p>
<p>Franca was the first to finish drinking. She wiped her mouth and saw Lumian’s Adam’s apple moving as he drank, with a little beer seeping from the corner of his mouth. She suddenly froze.</p>
<p><em>Damn, why do I find his Adam’s apple movement so sexy…</em></p>
<p><em>Is this what an Incubus is like?</em></p>
<p>Anthony glanced at Franca and Jenna drinking boldly and their unconscious small movements, then at the men and women around furtively looking at them and Lumian. He silently sighed and tried to make himself even less noticeable.</p>
<p>Ludwig had already started quickly eating the cold dishes like garlic pork slices, cold sliced pork head meat, spicy shredded pig ears, smashed cucumber, and mixed shredded vegetables.</p>
<p>Lumian took an inconspicuous mirror from his pocket and placed it in a corner of the table.</p>
<p>Franca quickly came to her senses and once again filled up the beer for each team member, except for the child.</p>
<p>She raised her glass again and said, “Cheers to past experiences and future hopes!”</p>
<p>Her passionate tone and high spirits gave Jenna and Lumian a slightly tipsy feeling, while Anthony felt like he was back in his military camp days.</p>
<p>Amidst the crisp clinking sounds, they temporarily set aside their inner depression and worries about this mission, just enjoying the present moment.</p>
<hr />
<p>In the rental apartment.</p>
<p>“We spent six hundred?” Jenna asked, sounding a bit pained.</p>
<p>They had spent one-tenth of their funds in just one meal!</p>
<p>“It’s actually not expensive. This fellow eats like ten people or more, and we also drank alcohol.” Franca waved her hand. “It’s fine, I’ll arrange a few more micro loans as backup, and you should each get one too. We still need to go out and buy some T-shirts, casual pants, jeans, sneakers. How about we find time to go to the wholesale market tomorrow?”</p>
<p>At times like this, brand, fit, and design didn’t matter—cost-effectiveness was the top priority!</p>
<p>Lumian took out the remaining food from the Traveler’s Bag, which had shrunk in space, and while placing them on the dining table, he said, “We also need to replenish food for Ludwig. He needs to eat every two to three hours.”</p>
<p>“Mm.” Franca pointed to the rooms. “Anthony, you choose first.”</p>
<p>Anthony didn’t hesitate and chose the smallest bedroom, which was also not on the same side as the other two.</p>
<p>Franca turned to Lumian. “You’ll sleep in the master bedroom with Ludwig?”</p>
<p>“The second bedroom will do. Except for his big appetite, he’s a normal kid in other aspects. He won’t be cramped sleeping in the second bedroom’s bed,” Lumian understood that one of his tasks was to keep an eye on Ludwig, not letting him leave the dream prematurely out of fear and refusing to come back.</p>
<p>“Alright, Jenna and I will sleep in the master bedroom.” Franca smiled.</p>
<p>In the time that followed, she borrowed another 10,000 in micro-loans, with Lumian, Jenna, and Anthony each getting 3,000.</p>
<p>After doing this, Franca, with great willpower, put down her phone, turned on the light, and carefully read the information related to Mr. Fool, which she had only quickly browsed before. Lumian and the others each occupied a position, equally focused on reading.</p>
<p>Before they knew it, the night grew deeper.</p>
<p>Ludwig’s another cry of hunger brought them back to alertness, and they stopped reading and discussing.</p>
<p>“Even just reading the information about Mr. Fool provided by the Major Arcana card holders, I feel like my head is in a daze, gradually losing myself… Is this the status of a great existence?” Lumian seriously assessed his previous state and solemnly said, “When we study this information again later, we shouldn’t exceed half an hour each time.”</p>
<p>He raised his right hand and rubbed his temples, finding that the consumption of spirituality was also significant.</p>
<p>“Mm.” Franca stood up and looked out the window. “Let’s go eat barbecue outside Mr. Fool’s neighborhood. Although Mr. Fool doesn’t come out for late-night snacks every day, at least we can observe the people who frequently appear around the neighborhood.”</p>
<p>Jenna was about to respond when she suddenly noticed the scenery outside the balcony.</p>
<p>She unconsciously walked over and gazed out beyond the residential area, across the street.</p>
<p>The bright and warm lights shone out from countless buildings and windows, like the Milky Way had fallen to the ground, but with an added human touch.</p>
<p>This night view was more vast and dreamlike than that of Trier and the New City of Silver, seeming to carry more dreams.</p>
<p>Lumian also focused his gaze for a while, until Ludwig tugged at the sleeve of his shirt.</p>
<p>“Let’s go.” He withdrew his gaze and headed towards the door.</p>
<p>Franca said to Jenna, “Later, we’ll find a tall building with a good view to take another look.”</p>
<p>After leaving the neighborhood, they followed the map and circled around to the outside of Mr. Fool’s neighborhood. They casually chose a barbecue stand and inconspicuously observed the people and events around them.</p>
<p>Just as the grilled beef arrived, Franca noticed that Lumian’s gaze was fixed in one direction for a long time, not moving.</p>
<p>“What’s wrong?” she asked curiously.</p>
<p>Lumian pointed with his chin in that direction. “I see the Oracle.”</p>
<p><em>The Oracle?</em> Franca and Jenna looked in that direction and saw a hooligan with yellowish eyebrows and hair color.</p>
<p>The man was holding a stack of fliers.</p>
<p>“Oracle Danitz?” Jenna asked for confirmation.</p>
<p>Lumian nodded slowly. “I don’t know if it’s a consciousness projection or a fake person in the dream…”</p>
<p>Seemingly sensing their gaze, Mr. Fool’s Oracle Danitz suddenly turned around and looked over.</p>
<p>Then, he quickly walked up to Lumian and the others, glanced at Ludwig, and asked with a smile, “Would you be interested in Dream Tutoring Classes?”</p>
<p><em>Tutoring classes…</em> Ludwig’s pupils suddenly dilated.</p>
<p><em>Crack!</em></p>
<p>He bit through the bamboo skewer.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
