<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch914.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-907-corpse" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 907: Corpse</h2>
<p>Lumian examined Oracle Danitz’s deep blue eyes for a few seconds, then gave Jenna a meaningful look.</p>
<p>Now, Franca no longer needed to digest the Affliction potion.</p>
<p>Jenna instantly understood Lumian’s intention and asked Oracle Danitz with a smile, “Do you have any courses suitable for children?”</p>
<p>She pointed at Ludwig, causing him to tremble and turn pale.</p>
<p>This made Jenna feel the obvious digestion of the Affliction potion.</p>
<p>Danitz’s eyes lit up, and he said with a big smile, “Of course we do! From foreign language education and logic courses for 3-year-olds to vocational training for adults, we have it all!”</p>
<p>As he spoke, his gaze couldn’t help but move back and forth between Jenna and Franca’s faces a few times, seemingly stunned by their beauty.</p>
<p>Many celebrities with makeup and photo editing might not be this beautiful!</p>
<p>Jenna took the flier and looked at it carefully, then said with a smile, “When we have time, I’ll bring the child to take a look.”</p>
<p>She kept in mind the plan Lumian had made, focusing on observation for now and not rushing to make contact.</p>
<p>Hearing Jenna’s words, Ludwig’s face showed obvious bitterness. He could only grab a handful of grilled beef skewers and fiercely tear off more than a dozen pieces of meat sprinkled with chili powder and cumin to soothe his inner wounds.</p>
<p>“Alright, remember to mention my name for a discount!” Danitz marveled at how such a young beauty already had such a big child, assuming she must have not studied well in high school and was taken home by some hooligan to have a child before finishing school. He then gave his name, “My surname is Da, and my given name is Nizi.”</p>
<p>After saying this, his gaze lingered on Jenna and Franca’s faces before he unhesitatingly turned around to continue looking for targets to distribute fliers.</p>
<p>“He should be a fake person in the dream woven by Mr. Fool’s subconscious.” Anthony, who had been observing silently, made his judgment.</p>
<p>Lumian nodded, then added, “Indeed, he didn’t show any special qualities an Oracle should have, and he obviously didn’t recognize me.”</p>
<p>At this point, Lumian smiled. “Since he’s woven by Mr. Fool’s subconscious, it shows that in Mr. Fool’s perception, the Oracle is someone who likes women but won’t be confused by them, with relatively strong willpower in this aspect.”</p>
<p>This conclusion was drawn from Danitz’s behavior of being attracted by the beauty of the two Demonesses yet not flirting, not lingering, and not talking too much.</p>
<p>“It might not be strong willpower, but professional ethics that prevent him from flirting with women while working, or he might have someone he likes and is willing to restrain himself for,” Franca said, eventually showing an ambiguous smile. “Does this mean what’s written in the Adventurer series is true?”</p>
<p>“The rumors at sea say the same,” Lumian confirmed Franca’s guess.</p>
<p>In the time that followed, the four of them mainly observed and didn’t eat much, while Ludwig turned his grief into appetite, eventually causing them to spend 400.</p>
<p>Franca put the last piece of grilled eggplant into her mouth, chewed a few times, and stood up somewhat reluctantly, saying, “It’s time to go back.”</p>
<p>This was truly a nostalgic taste.</p>
<p>As they circled back to their own neighborhood, Jenna glanced at the bright street lamps on both sides, then at the pedestrians walking in the summer night breeze in the dark night. She had the illusion that it wasn’t near dawn now, but just the beginning of the night.</p>
<p>In Trier, before becoming a Beyonder, she only dared to walk on the streets at midnight relying on her reputation as the Red Boots’ mistress and her concealed revolver. Even so, she didn’t dare to walk too far home and usually had to stay at Franca’s place. But in this metropolis in Mr. Fool’s dream, people seemed accustomed to enjoying the deep night on the streets.</p>
<p>Franca had already integrated into such an environment, as if returning to her past life.</p>
<p>She was looking around quite comfortably when she suddenly noticed a human figure hanging on the outer wall of a building at the edge of an alley leading to an old neighborhood, gently swaying in a place where the street lamps couldn’t illuminate.</p>
<p>With a Demoness’s super vision and Night Vision, Franca instantly saw the appearance of that figure clearly:</p>
<p>Yellowish eyebrows, hair of the same color, a red headband wrapped around the forehead, deep blue eyes bulging out, frozen in pain and despair, not very deep facial features already distorted, mouth half-open, tongue sticking out.</p>
<p>Danitz!</p>
<p>Oracle Danitz!</p>
<p>He was hanging on the outer wall of the building, with a brownish-yellow hemp rope around his neck!</p>
<p>He had been hanged.</p>
<p>The man who was distributing tutoring fliers to Lumian and the others just over an hour ago had been hanged!</p>
<p>As Franca’s pupils suddenly dilated, Lumian and Jenna also noticed the corpse hanging in mid-air, gently swaying.</p>
<p>“The Oracle is dead? Murdered?” Jenna blurted out in confusion.</p>
<p><em>Who did this?</em></p>
<p><em>Was it a natural development of the dream, or was it done by that Celestial Worthy’s subordinates?</em></p>
<p>After confirming that the corpse was indeed Oracle Danitz, Franca exhaled and said, “It’s good that he’s just a fake person in the dream, so the Oracle in reality won’t die along with him.”</p>
<p>Hearing these words, Lumian’s heart stirred. He walked into the alley and came to the front of Danitz’s suspended corpse.</p>
<p>During the process, he continuously observed his surroundings and took out a mirror to perform a quick and simple divination to confirm whether the murderer had already left and if anyone was paying attention to this place.</p>
<p>Before he got really close, he could already smell the stench of loss of bowel and bladder control.</p>
<p>Combined with other details, he determined that the Oracle had indeed been hanged to death.</p>
<p>Lumian condensed ice blocks on the wall to create protrusions, then nimbly climbed up to reach the same height as Danitz’s corpse. He then put the Oracle, along with the hemp rope, into the mirror he had just used for divination.</p>
<p>“You want to bury the Oracle?” Franca asked curiously after Lumian jumped down from the wall, melted all the ice blocks, and dried the wet marks with crimson flames.</p>
<p>Lumian looked around and said in a lowered voice, “To conduct an experiment.”</p>
<p>“What experiment?” Jenna, holding the depressed Ludwig’s hand, asked curiously.</p>
<p>Lumian chuckled. “Based on the contents of the information and the details we’ve observed so far, we all know that this dream evolved from Mr. Fool’s subconscious. If we hide the Oracle’s corpse and don’t let Mr. Fool discover or hear about such an incident, does that mean the Oracle’s death doesn’t exist, and tomorrow night, the Oracle will still be distributing fliers in that area with many night food stalls?”</p>
<p>“Come to think of it, it’s really possible!” Franca quickly recalled the dream-themed movies and novels she had seen before her transmigration.</p>
<p>“If that’s the case, we can find ways to use this point: major events that Mr. Fool’s dream identity doesn’t know about or hasn’t heard of are equivalent to non-existent, never having happened!” Lumian said with a smile.</p>
<p>“But what if the Oracle doesn’t appear tomorrow night, or if the police have obtained information about his disappearance?” Jenna knew Lumian wouldn’t have overlooked this question, after all, there were only two possible outcomes for the experiment.</p>
<p>Lumian said with a smile on his lips, “There might be two reasons:</p>
<p>“First, each fake person in the dream, besides coming from Mr. Fool’s memories and cognition, also has his subconscious integrated into them, so any event that happens in the dream will be known and recorded by Mr. Fool’s subconscious.”</p>
<p>Seeing that Franca and the others seemed unable to grasp the point he wanted to make, Lumian gave an example: “The information mentions that Mr. Fool was an ancient existence awakening from slumber, collecting power and secrets through his incarnation walking on earth, gradually reviving. His incarnation experienced the advancement from Sequence 2 Miracle Invoker to Sequence 1 Attendant of Mysteries. To prepare for the ritual, he established a town called Utopia, where every resident was Mr. Fool’s marionette. Each marionette had its own destiny trajectory, all played by Mr. Fool, interacting with each other, portraying reality.</p>
<p>“Isn’t this very similar to the current real dream? Except for the consciousness projections from the outside, the remaining dream fake people are likely Mr. Fool’s subdivided subconscious, combined with the images from his memories to portray.</p>
<p>“In other words, except for us, every person and every animal in the dream might be Mr. Fool. If we really want to contact Mr. Fool, we might not need to find his dream identity. This could be one of our approaches to contact Mr. Fool in the future while bypassing the Celestial Worthy’s monitoring.”</p>
<p>“Was Utopia mentioned in that information?” Franca was stunned for a moment.</p>
<p><em>Did Mr. Fool use this term?</em></p>
<p>She raised her hand to rub her head, showing slight pain and confusion.</p>
<p>“It might have been there, but by the time I reached the later parts, I was already dazed. I seemed to be communicating with you, but I actually had no idea what I was saying…”</p>
<p>“It was indeed there, and the approach I just mentioned wasn’t thought up by me either, it was proposed by the Major Arcana card holders, but they no longer have the chance to verify it.” Lumian nodded.</p>
<p>“Everyone is Mr. Fool…” Jenna recalled the sea of people they encountered after leaving the train carriage and the bustling scenes they had seen before, finding it hard to believe for a moment.</p>
<p>Lumian continued, “As for the second reason, if the Oracle’s death was carried out by the Celestial Worthy’s subordinates, that Celestial Worthy can also control and influence the dream, and would certainly let Mr. Fool’s subconscious know about this incident. But the question is, what’s the point of dealing with such a fake person?</p>
<p>“Even if they wanted to shake Mr. Fool’s will by targeting his emotional weak points, they shouldn’t have chosen the Oracle. From the information, the Oracle hasn’t established any close relationship with Mr. Fool in the dream, not even qualifying as a friend.”</p>
<p>“Strange,” Franca murmured in agreement.</p>
<p>They quickly dealt with the scene using the Demoness’s black flames, left the alley, and walked towards the old neighborhood where they were renting.</p>
<p>As they approached the main gate, they suddenly heard someone frantically calling out in a low voice from the side near some green trees, “Spare me, please spare me…</p>
<p>“Don’t come any closer, don’t come any closer!”</p>
<p>Lumian turned his gaze towards the source and saw that it was a local man, not someone with Northern Continent facial features like Oracle Danitz.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
