<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch921.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-914-surveillance" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 914: Surveillance</h2>
<p>After stating his two guesses, Lumian added, “I felt earlier that entering the basement of Mushu Hospital would be very dangerous. If the problem there was woven by the dream’s subconscious, originating from Mr. Fool’s impression of the Mother Tree of Desire and Her subordinates, it shouldn’t have reached this level.”</p>
<p>His meaning was that he was more inclined towards the inference that the dream’s main consciousness symbol could not directly confront it.</p>
<p>Jenna, sitting in the passenger seat, glanced at the gradually receding Mushu Hospital and said with a slightly furrowed brow, “But the police, represented by Mr. Star, only found the Oracle’s corpse. They don’t seem to have discovered any other anomalies existing in Mushu Hospital.”</p>
<p>“This indicates that although the dream’s main consciousness cannot confront directly, it has ways to conceal and deceive,” Anthony expressed his opinion.</p>
<p>“There might also be a mole.” Franca, who was driving, had read many novels and watched many movies about undercover agents and traitors, muttered. “Part of the dream’s main consciousness must belong to the Celestial Worthy. He should be quite pleased to see the force infiltrated by the Mother Tree of Desire doing something, so He deliberately ignored some details.”</p>
<p>“This also shows that regardless of whether it’s Mr. Fool or that Celestial Worthy, they are actually in a state of slumber, their true consciousness blurred, only able to react to a certain extent when directly stimulated. Usually, they only occasionally provide some inspiration based on received prayers or spirituality warnings. Otherwise, we would have been discovered and kicked out long ago when interacting with ordinary people in the dream,” Lumian concluded based on various events experienced over the past two days and many details mentioned in the materials provided by the Major Arcana card holders.</p>
<p>Franca took the opportunity to warn her teammates, “So don’t think about live streaming, don’t do anything in public that would become a trending topic. If we do that, as soon as the Celestial Worthy’s dream identity scrolls to the corresponding video, He will immediately be stimulated and kick us out of the dream.</p>
<p>“Well, even if the Celestial Worthy doesn’t scroll to it, His subordinates will notice it.”</p>
<p>After a brief silence, Jenna asked, “What is live streaming?”</p>
<p>Anthony was equally confused.</p>
<p>“Will this be seen by many people?</p>
<p>“Similar to the front page headlines of a newspaper?”</p>
<p><em>You guys really haven’t adapted as well as Lumian…</em> Franca sighed, and while driving, she briefly explained,</p>
<p>“Open your phones, click on the app with the black background and white pattern I downloaded for you earlier…</p>
<p>“The hottest thing recently is ‘True Death Metal’…”</p>
<p>Jenna and the others all became focused and serious, continuing to receive their Internet education.</p>
<hr />
<p>Near midnight.</p>
<p>Lumian brought Franca through the mirror world to the Moon Plaza they had visited at noon, arriving behind a mirror in the surveillance room.</p>
<p>Hidden in the area behind the mirror, they saw through the mirror surface a large display screen split into multiple scenes, showing various areas of the mall, and two security guards sitting in front of the display screen for night duty.</p>
<p>At this time, Moon Plaza had long since closed for business, and many of the scenes shown on the surveillance were pitch black, with only parts covered by clear moonlight.</p>
<p>In this dream city, the moon was not crimson, but showed a faint silvery white, occasionally tinged with yellow.</p>
<p>Franca, both eager and cautious, stretched her right hand out of the mirror surface, grasping a slightly larger makeup mirror.</p>
<p>The makeup mirror immediately reflected the large screen, showing different scenes framed in individual squares.</p>
<p>Then, the surface of the makeup mirror rippled with illusory light invisible to the naked eye.</p>
<p>Mirror Maze!</p>
<p>The surveillance areas seen by the two security guards and the images captured by several cameras in the room were instantly replaced by mirrored illusions.</p>
<p>Franca had previously imagined being able to use her Beyonder powers after returning home, and now it felt like a rehearsal of her dream.</p>
<p>She walked out openly from behind the mirror object, put down the makeup mirror, adjusted its angle, and came to the surveillance console with Lumian.</p>
<p>The two security guards had no reaction to their actions, as if they hadn’t seen them at all.</p>
<p>The scenes in their eyes were still the same as before when no outsiders had entered.</p>
<p>Lumian turned his gaze to Franca and said in a low voice, “Make haste.”</p>
<p>He didn’t know how to operate this surveillance system, otherwise he would have done it himself.</p>
<p>Franca adjusted the mirrored images to ensure they weren’t completely static, while studying the mall’s surveillance system.</p>
<p>Thanks to researching information online and making plans beforehand, it only took her two or three minutes to bring up the surveillance footage of the supermarket area from noon.</p>
<p>Soon, the image froze on the scene where she and Lumian and others were returning from the supermarket entrance.</p>
<p>In the distance of this image, where imported goods were stacked, a figure in a white dress was walking out of the frame.</p>
<p>This figure had beautiful features, small and delicate ears, a fair and slender neck, and an aura so clean it seemed untouched by dust. Her hair was loosely tied up, giving a somewhat languid feeling.</p>
<p>“It’s indeed that reanimated female corpse,” Franca took out the sketch completed with the help of Dream Divination and carefully compared it.</p>
<p>Before Lumian could respond, she added, “This appearance, temperament, and charm are more like a demigod-level Demoness rather than a Baby Cupid of the Scrooge pathway.</p>
<p>“How could a Demoness be resurrected in Mushu Hospital?”</p>
<p>Lumian nodded slightly, refraining from making conjectures for the moment, and instead asked Franca, “Can you find out the entire activity trajectory of this female corpse in the mall?”</p>
<p>“Yes,” Franca busily operated the surveillance system.</p>
<p>Soon, each scene on the large screen showed the figure of that female corpse, corresponding to different scenarios.</p>
<p>While searching for the female corpse’s traces based on the timeline and scene conditions, Franca had already browsed through these surveillances once. She glanced at Lumian, who was focusing on observing details, and pondered,</p>
<p>“It feels like she’s wandering aimlessly, not buying anything, entering a store for a few minutes and then leaving. Hmm, it doesn’t look like she’s following anyone or searching for a specific item.”</p>
<p>Lumian compared all the passersby in each surveillance image and didn’t find anyone else appearing in all of them besides the female corpse.</p>
<p>“Is she experiencing and touring a city like this for the first time?” Lumian thought of himself and his companions.</p>
<p>“And then because she has no money, she doesn’t dare to buy anything?” Franca joked with a smile.</p>
<p>Lumian immediately shook his head.</p>
<p>“It shouldn’t be that simple.</p>
<p>“We almost encountered this female corpse at noon, and after lunch, the Oracle’s corpse showed anomalies. The resurrected Oracle corpse went to Mushu Hospital, which is where this female corpse was reanimated.</p>
<p>“If it’s not arranged by that individual, not His script, such a coincidence is enough to indicate a close connection between the two.”</p>
<p>Franca pondered for a moment and said, “If this female corpse is really a Demoness, then I’ve had similar situations before.</p>
<p>“When I first became a Witch, I received effective revelations from divination about something, but it was only revelations about time and place. So, I aimlessly wandered back and forth in an arcade street in Trier for a day, and finally encountered the thing I wanted to encounter.”</p>
<p>Lumian, who had just become a Demoness for a short time and hadn’t had similar experiences, nodded slowly and said, “You mean the reanimated female corpse received revelations through divination and came to wander in this mall?”</p>
<p>At this point, Lumian’s eyes became dark.</p>
<p>“Her gain was getting closer to us, discovering clues about which mirror the Oracle’s corpse was hidden behind, so that’s why the Oracle’s corpse showed anomalies right after lunch ended?</p>
<p>“Is she a subordinate of that Celestial Worthy, searching for the Oracle’s corpse?</p>
<p>“Are the Celestial Worthy and the Mother Tree of Desire cooperating, using Mushu Hospital to obtain subordinates they can command, to harm certain dream characters?”</p>
<p>Franca concurred succinctly, “The fact that she could indirectly come into contact with us, on the surface it’s inspiration from divination, but in reality, it should be the Law of Beyonder Characteristics Convergence at work.</p>
<p>“Only High-Sequence Beyonders of the Demoness and Door pathways could possibly influence the mirror world from a distance, causing the Oracle’s corpse hidden in the mirror area to show anomalies.</p>
<p>“That female corpse might fit both situations.”</p>
<p>Franca meant that the female corpse might be a demigod-level Demoness who had received boons from the Door pathway.</p>
<p>Lumian acknowledged Franca’s statement and pondered for a few seconds before saying,</p>
<p>“But the reanimation of this female corpse was definitely not for finding the Oracle’s corpse. From what that orderly confessed, she had already been resurrected before the Oracle was killed.</p>
<p>“She must have a more important role, carrying out a key task?”</p>
<p>Franca hissed and said, “In the next few days, besides observing the people and events around Mr. Fool, we need to find a way to locate this female corpse, see if we can eliminate her covertly without the Celestial Worthy noticing.”</p>
<p>If this were in the real world, Franca definitely wouldn’t say this, because she wouldn’t be sure whether that reanimated female corpse was Sequence 4, Sequence 3, or even higher. She would only suggest asking the Major Arcana card holders for help. But in the dream city, everyone was currently suppressed to the Sequence 7 level. A demigod-level Demoness would only have some more special abilities than her, with no essential difference in strength. Lumian was also a demigod-level Demoness, and their team had the number advantage, capable of ganging up.</p>
<p>Lumian thought for a moment and said, “There should be surveillance on the streets outside too, right? Can we find out where this female corpse ultimately went from the surveillance?”</p>
<p>“We could, but that would require infiltrating government departments. If discovered, it would be equivalent to confronting the dream’s main consciousness.” Franca didn’t agree with taking such a risk now. There was still so much information they hadn’t gathered!</p>
<p>Lumian suppressed the impulse in his heart and worked with Franca to restore the surveillance footage, erase their own traces, and retreat back into the mirror object. Then, Franca ended the Mirror Maze and took away that makeup mirror.</p>
<p>The two security guards only felt that the surveillance screens flickered briefly, but they quickly returned to normal.</p>
<p>Franca and Lumian returned to the car parked on the adjacent street, meeting up with Jenna and others who were responsible for backup.</p>
<p>As the vehicle drove towards the old town, Lumian and Franca, who was driving, told their teammates about the findings from watching the surveillance and their own conjectures.</p>
<p>As they were talking, Lumian suddenly fell silent.</p>
<p>“What’s wrong?” Jenna asked.</p>
<p>Lumian said in a deep voice, “We thought of going to the mall to check the surveillance to find that female corpse. Would that female corpse also think of checking the surveillance to see if any women with outstanding appearances had passed by?”</p>
<p>Those who could hide a corpse behind a mirror were likely to be Demonesses too!</p>
<p>Franca’s expression changed, and she blurted out, “The surveillance room!”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
