<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch920.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-913-a-kind-of-symbol" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 913: A Kind of Symbol</h2>
<p>Seeing this, Anthony didn’t try to test himself and proactively left the office.</p>
<p>In just about 10-20 seconds, he heard Lumian’s feminized voice. “You can come in now.”</p>
<p>Compared to before, this female voice wasn’t as low and subdued, with a hint of clarity added.</p>
<p>Anthony pushed open the office door and saw that Lumian had changed into a slightly waist-cinching white shirt bought earlier for the female identity, paired with bluish jeans, accentuating a slender waist and long, straight legs. She also wore deep rose-colored sunglasses on the bridge of her nose. Though these were just cheap street goods, Lumian wore them with a beautiful, radiant, and sharp air.</p>
<p>Lumian slightly gathered the glossy black hair falling on both sides, covering most of her cheeks, and said to Anthony, “Let’s go back to the rental apartment first.”</p>
<p>Anthony carefully grabbed the sleeve of Lumian’s shirt, while Franca and Jenna each took hold of an arm. Ludwig, still with a lollipop in his mouth, chose to tug at his godfather’s clothes.</p>
<p>The group’s figures soon faded and disappeared from this long-abandoned office building without cameras, reappearing in the rental apartment where dishes had not yet been washed.</p>
<p>Lumian said to Franca, “You drive to Mushu Hospital and wait for me outside. We may not have the chance to teleport to escape later.”</p>
<p>This didn’t mean he couldn’t teleport, but rather that if he used teleport or Mirror Traversal in front of a large crowd of citizens, it would inevitably become a trending topic and might be directly locked onto by the Celestial Worthy.</p>
<p>“Okay,” Franca tossed her lip balm and lipstick to Lumian. “Once inside the hospital, if you need to frequently look in the mirror, pretend you’re touching up your makeup.”</p>
<p>In this matter, a female appearance had a natural advantage, making it less likely for people in the dream to notice anything unusual.</p>
<p>Lumian caught the lipstick and lip balm, and based on the location he had obtained while monitoring the Oracle’s corpse with the mirror earlier, he teleported to the plant-filled edge of Mushu Hospital. He walked out from behind several trees and turned into the crowd.</p>
<p>His supermodel-like height and the skin condition, contour details, and lip curve revealed between his black hair and sunglasses made passersby and patients, even without seeing his exact appearance, look twice. They seemed to want to use their brains to fill in the blanks and reconstruct the possibly world-class beauty hidden behind the sunglasses.</p>
<p>Some people accidentally bumped into others, some missed a step and nearly fell.</p>
<p>Their only regret was that this tall beauty wearing sunglasses didn’t walk gracefully enough, striding fiercely like a man.</p>
<p>Lumian gradually slowed his pace, as if trying to recall how Aurore usually walked.</p>
<p>After passing through security and entering the outpatient building, he temporarily stopped, took out a makeup mirror and lip balm, and added some shine and moisture to his pale lips.</p>
<p>During this process, he found that the mirror that had once been smeared with the Oracle’s hair residue could again reflect some scenes.</p>
<p>These included Danitz’s back, the medicine collection window, passing patients, and family members caring for them.</p>
<p>Lumian discerned the direction and walked towards the medicine collection window.</p>
<p>He didn’t walk fast, his gaze seemingly casually surveying the people around him and the layout of the hospital’s first floor.</p>
<p>Everything seemed normal, without any scenes of desire outbursts.</p>
<p>Vaguely, Lumian had a sense of familiarity.</p>
<p>It wasn’t that he had been to a similar place before, but it came from the depths of his soul.</p>
<p>Lumian pursed his lips, lost in thought, <em>Is it Aurore’s memory?</em></p>
<p><em>Did she frequent this kind of large hospital before her transmigration? Well, everyone gets sick sometimes…</em></p>
<p><em>Did her soul fragments become a bit more active after I changed into a female form? Hmm, it must also be because Mr. Fool’s dream city is very similar to her hometown, stimulating her soul fragments…</em></p>
<p>Lumian quickly suppressed the emotions in his heart, remembering that he had entered Mushu Hospital to track the whereabouts of the Oracle’s corpse and observe the situation here.</p>
<p>His gaze swept over faces, some wearing masks, some with hidden worry, feeling that this shouldn’t be much different from the situation in a normal hospital.</p>
<p>Suddenly, he saw a familiar figure.</p>
<p>It was the male orderly who had mentally broken down last night due to the female corpse coming back to life.</p>
<p>This orderly was wearing a mask, pushing a transfer bed as he passed by, with no fear or worry in his eyes, almost identical to the expressions of his colleagues.</p>
<p><em>He still dares to work at this hospital?</em> Lumian’s eyebrows twitched slightly.</p>
<p>The orderly seemed to have forgotten about his desecration of the corpse, and had also forgotten the horror of the corpse suddenly waking up.</p>
<p>It was as if someone had told him that the female corpse wasn’t actually dead, and his misconduct had actually helped her escape from a state of apparent death, avoiding cremation, so she had decided to forgive him.</p>
<p>Lumian slowly shook his head, took out the lip balm and makeup mirror, and once again tracked the whereabouts of the Oracle’s corpse.</p>
<p>The scene presented in the mirror was an area with eight elevators. The back of Oracle Danitz had just passed through the elevator doors, with the outside button lit up with a downward arrow.</p>
<p><em>Is this going to B1? Is the destination really the morgue?</em> Lumian passed by the front of the medicine collection window and turned towards the nearby stairwell.</p>
<p>There were patients and family members waiting here.</p>
<p>Lumian looked left and right, thinking that he should prepare some masks for him and the other Demonesses. This could more effectively conceal their faces without becoming the focus of others’ attention.</p>
<p>The elevator came rather slowly. It took Lumian two to three minutes to wait for an elevator that was continuing downwards.</p>
<p>The people inside poured out, leaving only a patient sitting in a wheelchair and an orderly in green clothes pushing the wheelchair.</p>
<p>The orderly wore a mask, and the patient was quite elderly, with graying hair and beard.</p>
<p>Their gazes simultaneously turned to Lumian, with something unsettling hidden in the depths of their deep brown eyes.</p>
<p>Lumian, who was about to step in, suddenly stopped.</p>
<p>He felt that the elevator lacked light, as if it had become a giant mouth about to close.</p>
<p>The elevator’s double doors slowly closed, the interior growing darker, as if falling into an abyss.</p>
<p>Lumian watched expressionlessly, abandoning his intention to enter.</p>
<p>He sensed intense danger.</p>
<p>And his spiritual intuition, coupled with the slight activity of Aurore’s soul fragments, made him vaguely aware of what was hidden in the eyes of those two people in the elevator just now.</p>
<p>It was an intense desire.</p>
<p>It was the intense desire to tear off his clothes and vent their inner cravings!</p>
<p>The elevator doors finally closed, the downward arrow went out, and the numbers began to change.</p>
<p><em>Going to B1, to the morgue, would be extremely dangerous…</em> Lumian watched for a few more seconds, silently musing to himself.</p>
<p>After some consideration, he gave up the impulse to go down the stairs to investigate, and had a new idea,</p>
<p><em>Should I call the police? Just say I saw the missing Danitz enter Mushu Hospital and go down to the basement…</em></p>
<p>Just as Lumian had this thought, his phone began to vibrate.</p>
<p>He took out his phone and saw it was from “Luo Fu”.</p>
<p>On the ID card given by Madam Justice, Franca’s name was “Luo Fu”.</p>
<p>Lumian answered the phone somewhat awkwardly yet habitually, tentatively saying, “Hello?”</p>
<p>Franca, driving the vehicle and wearing earphones, looked ahead and said, “You’d better not delve deeper into Mushu Hospital now. Wait a bit longer, wait for the police to investigate.”</p>
<p>“Why do you say that?” Lumian didn’t think Franca had sensed his earlier thoughts.</p>
<p>Franca turned the steering wheel and said, “I was shocked by the Oracle’s corpse coming back to life earlier and didn’t notice some details. It only dawned on me after getting in the car.</p>
<p>“When the Oracle’s corpse got off at Mushu Hospital’s entrance, did it use a phone to scan and pay?”</p>
<p>“Yes.” Lumian had a very deep impression of the scan-to-pay incident, as Franca had been telling them they could do this and had personally demonstrated several times.</p>
<p>Wearing earphones and driving the car, Franca showed a slightly proud smile.</p>
<p>“The Oracle has already been classified as missing by the police, and when a missing person’s phone account suddenly makes a payment, don’t you think it would attract the police’s attention and allow them to track his movements?</p>
<p>“The police should be arriving at Mushu Hospital soon. If you sneak into places with secrets now, you might run into them.”</p>
<p>“Can it work like that? The efficiency is really high…” Lumian muttered softly.</p>
<p>Now, he didn’t need to find a way to call the police!</p>
<p>The police in this dream city were far more efficient than those in Trier, able to grasp key clues without his reminders.</p>
<p>Lumian held his phone, pretending to have received an urgent call, and left this stairwell.</p>
<p>He made his way back to the medicine collection area and hid among the waiting crowd.</p>
<p>Before long, he saw Officer Deng and the dream projection of Mr. Star leading a team of police rushing towards the previous stairwell.</p>
<p>Lumian played the role of a spectator watching the commotion, patiently waiting for nearly twenty minutes until the police team returned.</p>
<p>They were carrying a stretcher, with the person on it completely covered by a white cloth, only vaguely revealing yellowish hair.</p>
<p><em>The Oracle’s corpse…</em> Lumian made a definitive judgment using the makeup mirror in his hand.</p>
<p>He immediately became puzzled.</p>
<p><em>They found the reanimated corpse just like that?</em></p>
<p><em>Nothing happened?</em></p>
<hr />
<p>Back in the car driven by Franca, Lumian recounted what had just happened.</p>
<p>Franca also had the same confusion.</p>
<p>“The people at Mushu Hospital didn’t resist the police?</p>
<p>“Theoretically, Mushu Hospital should be a force formed by the infiltration of the great existence, Mother Tree of Desire, or at least operated by a Sequence 0 true god subordinate to Her…”</p>
<p>Lumian expressed his thoughts, “There are two possibilities:</p>
<p>“One, Mushu Hospital is not an external projection, but originates from Mr. Fool’s impression of the Mother Tree of Desire and Her subordinates.</p>
<p>“Two, this is a symbol, representing an external projection. Even if it originates from great existences, it cannot directly confront the main consciousness of the dream. In this city, the official power, the police department, symbolizes the dream’s main consciousness.</p>
<p>“In other words, individual police officers can be targeted and influenced, but confronting the entire police department is equivalent to confronting the dream itself, confronting Mr. Fool plus that Celestial Worthy.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
