<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch923.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-916-real-and-fake" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 916: Real and Fake</h2>
<p>After the reanimated female corpse retreated into the dark tunnel, Franca’s first reaction as her figure was just being outlined was to use the Ice Amulet that Lumian had remade, bringing Jenna and Anthony to chase after the enemy before she completely left this mirror world.</p>
<p>She gripped the crystal-clear charm that she had already taken out of the Traveler’s Bag, but her spiritual intuition made her pause.</p>
<p>The destination of the reanimated female corpse’s Mirror Traversal was unknown, and there might be her companions waiting. Rashly chasing after her could likely lead them into a trap!</p>
<p>Moreover, chasing after her meant separating from Lumian, making it easy for them to be defeated one by one.</p>
<p>Franca gazed for two seconds, then immediately said to Jenna, Anthony, and Ludwig, who was still eating “air” in big gulps, “Leave here, go to the surveillance room!”</p>
<p>Who knew how long the reanimated female corpse had been hiding at the edge of the tunnel, producing how many mystical pathogens. Staying in this area would lead to increasingly severe infection, until they fell ill!</p>
<p>And relying solely on Ludwig eating like this, mouthful by mouthful, who knew how long it would take to clear out the mystical pathogens that could continuously reproduce. More importantly, this sealed Angel’s physical condition had also been lowered to the Sequence 7 level. The mystical pathogens he ate wouldn’t affect him, but those that invaded his skin, eyes, and respiratory tract could definitely infect him.</p>
<p>At that point, it would be a race to see whether Ludwig finished eating the mystical pathogens first, or the mystical pathogens defeated him first.</p>
<p>Additionally, Franca and Jenna’s Demoness black flames were also restricted by the dream, only able to be produced a few at a time—cluster after cluster—unable to burn large areas of surrounding mystical pathogens to create a sufficiently safe environment.</p>
<p>However, the dream’s restrictions had both disadvantages and advantages. The Plague ability of the reanimated female corpse was also suppressed to the Sequence 7 level, preventing Franca and the others from becoming infected and falling ill too quickly.</p>
<p>Jenna and Anthony didn’t question Franca’s decision, only Ludwig was reluctant to leave.</p>
<p>He wanted to eat even if he got sick!</p>
<p>He wanted to eat even if he died!</p>
<p>Jenna grabbed the little boy, forcibly dragging him out of the area behind the mirror, as his physical qualities had been comprehensively reduced to Sequence 7.</p>
<p>At such an urgent moment, Jenna actually felt another digestion of the Affliction potion.</p>
<p>“Let me go! Let go…” Before Ludwig could finish speaking, he had already passed through the mirror surface and arrived in the surveillance room.</p>
<p>But they didn’t see Lumian.</p>
<p>“Was Lumian also attacked?” Franca quickly looked around with a solemn expression.</p>
<p><em>Or had he gone chasing after an enemy?</em></p>
<p>Just as Franca finished speaking, she saw that every surveillance scene on the large screen had changed.</p>
<p>They once again displayed the scenes from noon when the reanimated female corpse had appeared.</p>
<p>In those scenes arranged in a crisscrossing matrix, the reanimated female corpses that originally belonged to the surveillance footage either raised their heads or half-turned their bodies, all staring uniformly towards the outside of the screen.</p>
<p>Wearing white dresses and loose buns, they instantly had the same expression change, their fair and delicate hands reaching towards the camera one after another, extending out of the surveillance screen, reaching for Franca, Jenna, and the others outside.</p>
<p>They crawled out of the screen one by one, their faces dark, with occasional flashes of light.</p>
<p>Seeing this scene, Franca, relying only on spiritual intuition and Demoness vision, briefly couldn’t distinguish which of these many reanimated female corpses were real and which were fake.</p>
<p>For a moment, she even doubted whether they were all real, or all fake.</p>
<p>She took out the Cannon Gun that had become the Inevitable Gun, aiming at the surveillance footage, intending to shatter that screen, so that the reanimated female corpses that hadn’t fully crawled out would be thrown into the depths of the “surveillance world” with the shattering of the area behind the screen, making it difficult to reach reality.</p>
<p>Franca’s finger was on the trigger, but she didn’t pull it.</p>
<p>She felt that Lumian’s disappearance might be because he had entered the “surveillance world”, and if she shattered the screen, and the “surveillance world” truly had some characteristics of the mirror world, Lumian would also be swallowed by the turbulent flow, which would be very dangerous.</p>
<p>Although Franca couldn’t respond in time, she still had companions.</p>
<p>Anthony stepped forward, his eyes vertical, tinged with a pale golden color.</p>
<p>He immediately emanated a terrifying aura as if standing at the top of the food chain.</p>
<p>Awe!</p>
<p>He used a range-type Awe targeting that surveillance screen!</p>
<p>The reanimated female corpses crawling out of the surveillance footage one after another froze for a moment, but quickly returned to normal.</p>
<p>It was as if they hadn’t been resurrected, still corpses, naturally not afraid or panicked due to the awe!</p>
<p>Jenna quickly turned her head, pointing at those reanimated female corpses, and asked Ludwig, “Which one tastes the best?”</p>
<p><em>The one that tastes the best should be the real body!</em></p>
<p>And judging whether food tasted good or not was Ludwig’s specialty!</p>
<p>Ludwig swallowed his saliva and pointed to the surveillance footage in the bottom right corner.</p>
<p>“I want that one!</p>
<p>“That one tastes the best!”</p>
<p>Before Ludwig could answer, Franca had already concealed her figure. When he pointed out the food he wanted most, Franca’s figure, wearing a black T-shirt and women’s pantaloons, quickly outlined at the side of the reanimated female corpse in the bottom right corner.</p>
<p>She held the Inevitable Gun in one hand and the nearly invisible Wintry Blade in the other, stabbing the latter towards the target that hadn’t fully crawled out of the screen, towards the temple next to the delicate ear.</p>
<p>Crack, that reanimated female corpse shattered like a mirror, along with the figures of other female corpses becoming illusory, disappearing simultaneously in front of the surveillance screen.</p>
<p>The next second, beside the mirror decorative item that Franca and the others had crawled out from, the reanimated female corpse with beautiful features, a slender neck, wearing a white dress and a loose bun, silently emerged.</p>
<p>She gripped an ice crystal dagger covered in black flames in one hand, suddenly stabbing towards Anthony’s chest.</p>
<hr />
<p>After passing through the surveillance screen, Lumian appeared in a dark and silent empty mall.</p>
<p>At this time, the escalators had stopped running, and all the shops had pulled down their shutters.</p>
<p>Lumian quickly scanned around and saw a figure in a white dress flash past the passage leading to the men’s and women’s restrooms.</p>
<p>The black mark on Lumian’s right shoulder lit up, allowing him to directly teleport over.</p>
<p>As his figure was just being outlined at the entrance of the passage, his left palm had already taken out his phone.</p>
<p>Lumian quickly glanced at the phone screen that had lit up and found no signal.</p>
<p>This was exactly what he wanted to confirm.</p>
<p>Is this an alternate space formed by surveillance footage, an illusory world? It’s very similar to the mirror world, and also very similar to the world within paintings… As thoughts flashed through Lumian’s mind, he stuffed the phone into the Traveler’s Bag instead of his pants pocket.</p>
<p>He was worried that the upcoming battle might damage the phone.</p>
<p>For an already impoverished family, this would be a major loss!</p>
<p>In Lumian’s blue eyes, that female figure in a white dress had already run to the corner.</p>
<p>Seeing was believing. Almost simultaneously, Lumian blinked behind the target, thrusting the ice crystal straight sword.</p>
<p>Just as the ice sword touched that female figure, the target suddenly wavered like water ripples and disappeared without a trace.</p>
<p>An illusion—just an illusion.</p>
<p>An illusion created using the mirror of the sink outside the men’s and women’s restrooms!</p>
<p>At this moment, in the dark corner at the entrance of the men’s restroom, a vague figure quickly emerged, holding a medium-sized mirror, reflecting Lumian’s male form wearing a shirt and trousers.</p>
<p>Taking advantage of the opportunity when Lumian’s attention was completely on the illusion, this vague figure pressed its hand covered in Demoness black flames towards the mirror surface.</p>
<p>Black flames suddenly erupted from Lumian’s eyes, nose, mouth, and other places, but his figure began to fade inch by inch, gradually dissipating.</p>
<p>This was also an illusion!</p>
<p>Behind the vague figure in the dark corner at the entrance of the restroom, Lumian’s body outlined, his eyes iron-black, his right hand clenched into a fist, in a posture of muscles swelling and enlarging, suddenly striking towards the junction of the enemy’s neck and back.</p>
<p>Cull plus Mighty Blow!</p>
<p><em>You can use mirrors to create illusions, so can I!</em></p>
<p><em>Bang!</em></p>
<p>This punch shattered the vague figure into pieces, scattering around like glass shards.</p>
<p>Immediately after, Lumian felt invisible spider silk wrapping around him from all directions, trying to bind his hands, feet, and torso, and intending to interfere with his movements in different ways.</p>
<p>Lumian immediately grunted, and bursts of black flames binding madness and danger spontaneously appeared, falling onto several invisible spider silks.</p>
<p>The Flames of Destruction ignited those spider silks instantly, just like real Hunter flames, then quickly spread, devouring all the combustibles around, and burning the mystical pathogens permeating the air.</p>
<p>In just the blink of an eye, Lumian had rid himself of the influence of the Demoness spider web and the hidden Plague.</p>
<p>And at the entrance of this passage, a female figure clearly appeared in the light of the burning spider web.</p>
<p>She wore a white dress, had a loose bun, beautiful features, delicate ears, and a slender neck—it was the reanimated female corpse.</p>
<hr />
<p>Inside the surveillance room.</p>
<p>As Franca’s strike failed to succeed, the experienced Jenna and Anthony changed their positions.</p>
<p>The latter thus avoided the ice crystal dagger assassination of the reanimated female corpse.</p>
<p>But this also gathered the three of them in a small area within the not-so-large surveillance room.</p>
<p>The reanimated female corpse’s gaze then turned to the two security guards sitting motionlessly in their positions.</p>
<p>One of the security guards immediately broke free from his statue-like state and suddenly stood up.</p>
<p>The next second, his body was like it had been filled with a large amount of gas, rapidly swelling into a ball.</p>
<p>During this process, the gray-white in the depths of his eyes was tinged with a yellow-green light.</p>
<p><em>Boom!</em></p>
<p>This security guard exploded like a balloon stretched to its limit. His flesh and internal organs were torn into pieces, carrying yellow-green pus, enveloped in the impact storm, sweeping towards every corner of the surveillance room, covering Franca, Jenna, and the others.</p>
<p><em>A virus bomb?</em> Franca’s pupils suddenly dilated.</p>
<p>That reanimated female corpse was also within the range of the exploding body, but she was prepared, taking a step back and hiding in the mirror decorative item.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
