<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch925.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-918-tacit-cooperation" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 918: Tacit Cooperation</h2>
<p>Just as the reanimated female corpse’s frost-covered ice crystal spear was about to pierce the surveillance screen, a gunshot rang out. A bright yellow bullet arrived first, striking the middle of the ice crystal spear and causing it to suddenly shatter and break apart piece by piece.</p>
<p>After transferring to another mirrored decorative item, Franca immediately understood the opponent’s intentions upon seeing the reanimated female corpse’s actions. She quickly took out the Inevitable Gun, extended it through the mirror surface, and pulled the trigger.</p>
<p>Having successfully prevented the ice crystal spear’s strike, she immediately moved to withdraw her hands, pretending to traverse to other mirrors with Jenna, Anthony, and Ludwig in order to lure the reanimated female corpse in to surround this enemy.</p>
<p>However, the reanimated female corpse didn’t even glance in her direction. Sharp frost spears suddenly condensed in front of her body, all thrusting towards the large screen simultaneously.</p>
<p>It was like a huge ice flower carved out of ice was blooming.</p>
<p>Franca’s pupils dilated instantly. Taking advantage of her hands not yet having returned to the area behind the mirror, she pulled the Inevitable Gun’s trigger once again.</p>
<p><em>Bang!</em></p>
<p>That classically styled brass-colored revolver fired an iron-black bullet, which created a small explosion upon striking one of the frost spears.</p>
<p>The explosion covered all the frost spears, tearing them apart and scattering them in all directions.</p>
<p>Heavy Strike!</p>
<p><em>Splat splat splat</em>, some ice crystal fragments inevitably hit the surveillance screen, creating multiple dead pixels and areas where colors bled together on the large screen.</p>
<p>Franca was nearly scared to death—the large screen had almost been completely damaged!</p>
<p>She immediately left the mirrored decorative item and returned to the surveillance room, launching an all-out attack against the reanimated female corpse.</p>
<p>In this situation, the best strategy was to use offense to suppress the opponent and prevent her from destroying the surveillance screen. Pure defense wouldn’t last long, as the item that needed protection was a relatively fragile technological product.</p>
<p><em>One can be a thief for a thousand days, but how can you guard against a thief for a thousand days? There will always be gaps in defenses!</em></p>
<p><em>Bang! Bang! Bang!</em> Franca continuously pulled the trigger, firing bullets to force the reanimated female corpse away from the area closer to the large screen.</p>
<p>Jenna also left the area behind the mirror, directly guarding in front of the surveillance console to prevent stray bullets from damaging the screen.</p>
<p>Almost simultaneously, Jenna felt herself collide with an invisible spider web, with transparent thin threads constricting her body.</p>
<p>Some of these threads bound her limbs, while others stirred up her condition, striving to restrict her movements and interfere with her casting of black magic.</p>
<p>Fortunately, Jenna now had relatively rich combat experience. As soon as she left the mirrored decorative item, she condensed several bizarre Demoness black flames around herself. Now she immediately let them fall, burning the spirituality of the transparent spider silk and spreading out.</p>
<p>The intense feeling of constriction instantly lessened somewhat. Jenna quickly sidestepped, shielding the large screen.</p>
<p><em>Crack!</em></p>
<p>She used a Mirror Substitution to block both the reanimated female corpse’s opportunistic attack on the surveillance screen and the stray bullets created by Franca’s continuous shooting.</p>
<p>During this process, Franca emptied six ordinary bullets, hitting the reanimated female corpse once and consuming one of her Mirror Substitutions.</p>
<p>She then retreated to the front of the large screen, using a special loader to reload bullets, while Jenna instinctively lunged forward, replacing Franca, using her own gun, frost, and black magic to attack furiously, suppressing the enemy.</p>
<p>With everyone currently at the Sequence 7 level, a short-term reckless outburst was still very effective!</p>
<p>In this way, Franca and Jenna continuously rotated, one defending, one attacking, one reloading bullets, the other firing rapidly as if unconcerned about running out of ammunition. They temporarily restricted the reanimated female corpse to the area near the door. However, because the opponent had Mirror Substitutions and strong spiritual intuition, Franca had not yet used bullets like Impregnating Bullet or triggered effects like Sure Hit or Certain Death.</p>
<p>She was waiting for an opportunity, because a Sequence 7 Demoness shouldn’t be able to use many Mirror Substitutions!</p>
<p>Even if the reanimated female corpse had once reached the demigod level and gained the characteristic of reduced Mirror Substitution consumption, allowing her to use a few more Mirror Substitutions than Franca and the others who were currently at the same Sequence 7 level, it certainly wouldn’t be many more.</p>
<p>After fighting intensely for dozens of seconds, both Franca and Jenna felt weakened, their lungs like hot bellows continuously exhaling fiery breaths.</p>
<p>At the same time, they felt varying degrees of pain throughout their bodies.</p>
<p>They were well aware that this was caused by the diseases and decay spread by the two plague bombs earlier. Due to the viscous flesh and yellow-green pus covering every part of the surveillance room, the mystical pathogens and decay forces were continuously strengthening. The infection had finally occurred in the two Demonesses of Affliction who had disease resistance, and it was gradually worsening.</p>
<p>Neither Franca nor Jenna were willing to immediately use a Mirror Substitution to resolve the disease and decay. Their Mirror Substitutions were now very limited in number, and they wanted to conserve them to protect the large screen.</p>
<p>What puzzled Franca was that although her Inevitable Gun was also continuously spreading disease and decay, the reanimated female corpse didn’t seem to be significantly affected, only slightly weaker than before.</p>
<p><em>Could she really be a zombie or a marionette, immune to most mystical pathogens and with strong resistance to decay forces? She only initially affected Jenna with the spider web, then abandoned this strategy. Was it because the spider web was a flammable object with spirituality, which would cause the Demoness black flames—which could only be produced one by one or in small clusters—to spread, burning the mystical pathogens and decay forces in the air, slowing down the speed of our onset of illness and the progress of symptom severity?</em> As this thought flashed through Franca’s mind, she actively began to create a spider web.</p>
<p>The invisible spider silk entangled both the reanimated female corpse and Jenna, forcing the former to use her own Demoness black flames to evade, and reminding Jenna that she could produce and consume her own, letting this area fall completely into the burning of Demoness black flames, thereby clearing out the mystical pathogens and reducing the intensity of the decay forces!</p>
<hr />
<p>Inside Moon Plaza in the surveillance footage.</p>
<p>Lumian was suppressing the reanimated female corpse in all aspects, but due to her Mirror Substitutions, strong spiritual intuition, and rich combat experience, he couldn’t achieve a quick victory.</p>
<p>By now, the flames had spread, turning most of the fourth floor of the mall into a crimson sea. Lumian released his accumulated spirituality and once again flashed behind the “reanimated” female corpse.</p>
<p>Instead of directly swinging the Sword of Courage, he pushed his left palm forward.</p>
<p>At some point, his palm had already been gripping a cheap silver and black bracelet, while his eyes showed a silver-black hue, with what seemed like an illusory long river flowing slowly inside.</p>
<p>The reanimated female corpse didn’t hesitate. Following the prompting of her spiritual intuition, she was about to actively trigger a Mirror Substitution.</p>
<p>At this moment, the toxic thick smoke produced by the burning entered her throat, while the high temperature caused her black hair to start self-igniting.</p>
<p>These environmentally-induced problems made the reanimated female corpse instinctively shrink her body, slowing her down by a beat.</p>
<p>Magnified Fate!</p>
<p>Lumian had already used Magnified Fate twice before, without achieving satisfactory results. The Weakening pathogen he had secretly spread, which could survive for a longer time in high-temperature flames, also hadn’t worked as he had expected, only imperceptibly accelerating the rate of the reanimated female corpse’s spirituality consumption.</p>
<p>Now, taking advantage of the environmental changes brought by the long-burning fierce flames, he finally grasped the opportunity, successfully turning the corresponding stream of fate into the main trunk.</p>
<p>As the reanimated female corpse slightly shrank her body, the crimson flames covering the surface of the Sword of Courage suddenly extinguished, revealing the iron-black metal blade beneath.</p>
<p>Parts of this blade were smooth and flat, reflecting the silhouette of the reanimated female corpse.</p>
<p>In the next second, the black Flames of Destruction that Lumian had condensed in advance fell onto the metal “mirror surface” and drilled into it.</p>
<p>Unable to use a Mirror Substitution in time, the reanimated female corpse let out a painful sound. Her body shattered with a crack, re-outlining at the edge of the crimson hell. However, the black flames that erupted from inside to outside, hiding ferocity and terror, continued to burn her, only partially extinguished.</p>
<p>Once a Demoness of Despair’s curse succeeded, the characteristic that it couldn’t be transferred by substitutes when suppressed to Sequence 7 level became a situation where a substitute could only transfer part of the curse damage.</p>
<p><em>Crack! Crack! Crack!</em></p>
<p>The reanimated female corpse consecutively triggered Mirror Substitutions, finally escaping Lumian’s curse.</p>
<p>But at this moment, Lumian directly teleported in front of her and asked with a smile, “How many Mirror Substitutions do you have left?”</p>
<p>As he spoke, he had already swung the Sword of Courage.</p>
<p>The reanimated female corpse was dazzled by that charming smile, only reacting when the Sword of Courage was near. She quickly lunged to the side.</p>
<p>She had no more Mirror Substitutions left!</p>
<p>She was fast, but Lumian was faster. His wrist paused, and the Sword of Courage cleaved the air, creating an explosive sound.</p>
<p><em>Boom!</em></p>
<p>Crimson flames burst open, directly engulfing the reanimated female corpse.</p>
<p>Although this explosion only had Sequence 7 power, it was enough to severely injure a Demoness without Mirror Substitutions!</p>
<p>Bang! The reanimated female corpse was slammed heavily against the wall, her bones breaking and blood spurting from her mouth.</p>
<p>Water-like waves rippled over her body, stripping away her beautiful appearance and revealing an expressionless, ordinary-looking young man.</p>
<p>Lumian frowned slightly and swung his sword down again.</p>
<p>With a rolling sound, the young man’s head tumbled to the side amid a spray of blood.</p>
<p>His body, along with his head and the splattered blood, instantly vanished like an illusion, never to appear again.</p>
<p>“A deep mirror image of the real female corpse?” Lumian had seen similar gender-reversed Mirror People in Fourth Epoch Trier.</p>
<p>The special mirror world fragments in Franca and Jenna’s possession could also create similar deep mirror images, with strength nearly perfectly replicated and certain special characteristics.</p>
<p>Thinking of this, Lumian suddenly raised his head, looking towards the surveillance camera obscured by smoke.</p>
<p>He suspected that the reanimated female corpse also had a special mirror world fragment!</p>
<hr />
<p>Inside the surveillance room.</p>
<p>The infected Franca and Jenna were growing increasingly weak, their movements inevitably affected to some extent.</p>
<p>Just as the reanimated female corpse was about to seize the opportunity to destroy the surveillance screen, she suddenly felt something leap towards her from the side.</p>
<p>It was Ludwig, crouched like a frog.</p>
<p>He had emerged from the mirror world at some unknown time.</p>
<p>The reanimated female corpse instinctively thrust an ice crystal spear towards Ludwig.</p>
<p>Ludwig suddenly opened his mouth wide, his mouth corners splitting to the back of his head.</p>
<p>His two rows of sharp teeth then closed, biting the tip of the spear.</p>
<p>Immediately after, he quickly sucked in a breath through his mouth.</p>
<p>He completed a Deprivation through the ice crystal spear connecting him and the reanimated female corpse.</p>
<p>What he Deprived was the Mirror Substitution!</p>
<p>Currently only at Sequence 7 level, he could only Deprive one ability from the enemy, and only for one minute, so Anthony had him choose Mirror Substitution.</p>
<p><em>“Attack with full force,”</em> Anthony’s voice then sounded in Franca and Jenna’s ears.</p>
<p>Franca didn’t ask why, immediately raising the Inevitable Gun, aiming at the reanimated female corpse, and pulling the trigger.</p>
<p>A dark yellow bullet flew out with a bang.</p>
<p>Sure Hit!</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
