<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch936.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-929-movie" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 929: Movie</h2>
<p>“What?” Jenna was shocked by Lumian’s answer.</p>
<p><em>Madam Magician’s image in Mr. Fool’s dream is the romance novelist “Salted Fish Without Dreams”?</em></p>
<p>Although Jenna had previously seen characters like Emperor Roselle as a company CEO (in news reports) and Vice Admiral Iceberg as a cram school principal, she had never actually interacted with those famous figures in reality. But Madam Magician was someone she had truly met, talked to, and sought advice from.</p>
<p><em>How could such a powerful Angel, a holder of a Major Arcana card, and one of Mr. Fool’s followers, be a romance novelist here?</em></p>
<p>This suddenly highlighted the absurdity, distortion, and ridiculousness of the dream.</p>
<p>Jenna’s position didn’t allow her to see through the crowd to the author’s appearance, so she turned her gaze to the inside of the bookstore’s glass wall, where the silhouette of the person signing books was faintly reflected.</p>
<p>Jenna’s eyes, disguised as deep brown by Lie, instantly became profound, as if hiding mirror after mirror within.</p>
<p>Through the mirrors, she clearly saw the author’s figure: long, slightly curled hair dyed brown, wearing a colorful spaghetti strap dress with layered fabric, tassels, and batik, exuding a strong exotic style. Combined with her beautiful face, it gave off a free and casual aura. It was unmistakably the Major Arcana card holder, Madam Magician!</p>
<p>“It really is her…” Jenna whispered.</p>
<p>Lumian stepped back a few paces, distancing himself from the crowd queuing for autographs.</p>
<p>Hiding a mirror in his hand and speaking in a low voice, he muttered as if to himself, “Based on our observations and the information provided by the Major Arcana card holders, when Mr. Fool’s subconscious weaves dream images, it significantly references the characteristics of the corresponding real-world figures. Emperor Roselle was the ruler of a country, so in the dream city he became the boss of a large company. Vice Admiral Iceberg is a demigod of the Church of Knowledge, fond of teaching, and long educated pirates on the Golden Dream. So in the dream city, she became the principal of a cram school…”</p>
<p>“Are you suggesting that Madam Magician’s real identity is more or less related to being an author?” Franca, also in the Mirror Maze, quickly understood what Lumian was trying to express.</p>
<p>Lumian’s gaze swept across the banners reflected in the Mirror Maze, stopping on a description.</p>
<p>He asked Franca and Jenna in a low voice, “What is the Great Pirate series about?”</p>
<p>“I’ll search it up,” Franca said, taking out her phone and tapping on the screen.</p>
<p>As she searched, Franca’s expression gradually became strange.</p>
<p>Jenna, suppressing the urge to search for related content on her own phone, asked curiously, “Got anything?”</p>
<p>“The Great Pirate series is about legendary pirates active at sea. Each volume has a different theme. The volume of the third part is ‘Crazy Adventurer’, and the story takes place between the adventurer Gehrman Sparrow and three beautiful female pirates: Admiral of Stars, Vice Admiral Iceberg, and Vice Admiral Ailment…” Franca summarized the key points to her companions with complex emotions.</p>
<p>Jenna was stunned upon hearing this. Although Lumian had some guesses and suspicions before, he couldn’t help but interrupt Franca, “Isn’t this part of the content of The Great Adventurer series?”</p>
<p>“Apparently so,” Franca agreed.</p>
<p>Lumian looked again at the banners reflected in the Mirror Maze and the queuing crowd, saying as if in thought,</p>
<p>“Mr. Fool’s subconscious has woven Madam Magician’s dream identity as the original author of the Great Pirate series, specializing in romance…</p>
<p>“The Great Adventurer series from the real world is partially reflected in the Great Pirate series in the dream…</p>
<p>“The Great Adventurer series has a strong romantic element, with the interactions between Gehrman Sparrow and the female pirate admirals described rather ambiguously, but left unclear…</p>
<p>“The Great Adventurer series has turned many famous pirates into comic characters or protagonists of sensational rumors, and even includes introductions to mystical knowledge and the privacy of two Oracles. Yet the author Fors Wall has never been visited by any pirate or warned by the Church…”</p>
<p>Hearing this, Franca had already drawn a conclusion and said softly, “How would the pirates dare…”</p>
<p>Seeking out the Angel of Stars for an explanation would be like delivering oneself for a bounty.</p>
<p>“Madam Magician is Fors Wall, the author of The Great Adventurer series?” Jenna asked herself incredulously, then answered her own question, “I always thought she didn’t do book signings for fear of exposing her whereabouts and being revenged upon by pirates…”</p>
<p>Jenna suddenly turned to Lumian. “Didn’t you say Madam Magician was an Angel from the early Fifth Epoch, over a thousand years old? Why would she suddenly decide to write novels?”</p>
<p>“That was just my guess. Perhaps Mr. Door lived long enough and only perished in recent years, and Madam Magician was His youngest student,” Lumian said, finding this both shocking and strangely amusing. He continued carefully, “Also, haven’t you noticed? Because of the popularity of the Great Adventurer series, Mr. Fool’s avatar Gehrman Sparrow has gained a large number of worshipers. To use a term I heard before, Gehrman Sparrow has acquired many anchors.”</p>
<p>“Was The Great Adventurer series written by Madam Magician at the behest of the Church of The Fool, as a form of evangelism?” Franca had a sudden realization.</p>
<p>Lumian nodded. “And perhaps Madam Magician’s current sequence requires her to play the role of an ‘author’.”</p>
<p>“It’s possible,” Franca suddenly became excited, “Next time we meet Madam Magician, we should ask for her autograph. Wow, would an Angel’s signature have some special effects…”</p>
<p>Before she finished speaking, Franca and Jenna simultaneously turned to Lumian and asked in unison, “What about those letters from before?”</p>
<p>“…” Lumian said with considerable regret, “I burned them.”</p>
<p>Jenna shared his regret but said with anticipation, “When we return to the real world, we can ask Madam Magician about the future developments of The Great Adventurer, when the next book will be out, and if Frank Lee, the first mate of the Admiral of Stars, is really that exaggerated…”</p>
<p>As they chatted, Lumian dispelled the Mirror Maze.</p>
<p>The three of them glanced at the long queue for the book signing, then turned with Anthony and Ludwig to the nearest escalator and went up to the fourth floor.</p>
<p>“What movie should we watch?” Franca scanned the promotional posters, her eyes suddenly lighting up, “Let’s watch ‘The Great Pirate 3’!”</p>
<p>“Alright,” Lumian agreed immediately.</p>
<p>It would be a good opportunity to see what Gehrman Sparrow looks like in Mr. Fool’s dream!</p>
<p>Franca, who had just won a significant amount from lottery tickets, generously bought five seats in a row, three buckets of caramel popcorn, and five cups of iced cola.</p>
<p>Ludwig had a bucket of popcorn to himself, Franca, Jenna, and Lumian shared one, and Anthony and Ludwig shared another.</p>
<p>After entering the cinema and finding their corresponding seats, before Franca could allocate, she found that Lumian and Jenna had left a space between them for her.</p>
<p><em>I thought Lumian would sit in the middle himself…</em> Franca sat down happily between Lumian and Jenna. Ludwig sat right next to Lumian, with Anthony on Ludwig’s other side.</p>
<p><em>Crunch, crunch</em>, Ludwig kept tossing popcorn into his mouth, occasionally sipping his iced cola, completely ignoring the images on the screen.</p>
<p>After a few minutes, the opening credits began: howling winds, a dark sea surface, waves sometimes rising high enough to seemingly touch the sky, sometimes sinking into huge maelstroms.</p>
<p>Jenna’s gaze was immediately captivated, as if she herself were in this terrifying scene showcasing the power of nature.</p>
<p>“The special effects are not bad,” Franca commented briefly.</p>
<p>She wasn’t as impressed as Jenna because she had seen many blockbusters before her transmigration. Moreover, during the Marriage of the Sea ceremony in Port Santa, she and Lumian had personally witnessed and experienced an even more exaggerated maelstrom than a shipwreck, which was beyond comparison to these special effects.</p>
<p>Lumian’s gaze focused on the three pirate ships sailing out of the storm and the female pirates standing at the bow.</p>
<p>“That Vice Admiral Iceberg looks about seventy to eighty percent like Principal Ai from Dream Tutoring Classes…” Jenna recognized one of the female pirates, as she seemed to be modeled after Principal Ai Nana from Dream Tutoring Classes.</p>
<p>Hearing Jenna’s words, Lumian slightly furrowed his brow.</p>
<p>The Vice Admiral Iceberg in the movie looked very similar to the demigod he had seen in the dungeon of the Church of Knowledge!</p>
<p><em>Was that the former Vice Admiral Iceberg—Edwina?</em> Lumian suddenly realized.</p>
<p>“The casting for this movie is quite true to the original,” Franca sighed.</p>
<p>Then, her gaze froze, and she pointed at another female pirate, saying in a low voice, “Who do you think she resembles?”</p>
<p>Lumian fell momentarily quiet before responding, “Ma’am Hermit.”</p>
<p>“Ma’am Hermit’s true identity is the Admiral of Stars, no, Queen of Stars Cattleya? No wonder the latest installment of ‘The Great Adventurer’ described the events between her and Gehrman Sparrow so cautiously…” Jenna murmured.</p>
<p>They all fell into silence again.</p>
<p>At this moment, the scene changed, and a man appeared amidst the storm and lightning.</p>
<p>The man wore a black trench coat and a half-top hat, standing on the surging waves, slowly raising his previously lowered head.</p>
<p>In Lumian’s eyes, this man seemed to be carved from Zhou Mingrui as the original prototype, but sharper and colder. Even wearing gold-rimmed glasses, he could make people involuntarily close their mouths.</p>
<p>Gehrman Sparrow!</p>
<p>The protagonist of this installment of the Great Pirate series, Gehrman Sparrow!</p>
<p>With this, the opening credits ended, and the main feature began.</p>
<p>The initial close-up focused on a fish being roasted, with various spices being sprinkled on it.</p>
<p>Ludwig, who had spared a glance at the movie, suddenly raised his arm, pointing at the roasted fish on the screen, and said to his godfather, “I want to eat that!”</p>
<p>“Heh, ordering a meal now?” Lumian chuckled, grabbed a few pieces of popcorn, and stuffed them into Ludwig’s mouth.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
