<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch944.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-937-another-night" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 937: Another Night</h2>
<p>Jenna held her phone, wanting to reply to Luo Shan several times, but not knowing what to say.</p>
<p>Although she felt she should respond with something, to avoid appearing impolite, her spiritual intuition told her that saying the wrong thing at this moment could lead to unexpected consequences she didn’t want to face.</p>
<p>In the end, Jenna put down her phone and watched TV, pretending not to have noticed Luo Shan’s new message.</p>
<p>She alternated between immersing herself in the TV drama’s story and instinctively criticizing some of the actors’ performances.</p>
<p>This continued until eleven o’clock, when Jenna took a shower and washed her hair. She froze her wet hair with frost, then let the frost crack and fall to the bathroom floor, quickly drying her thick long hair this way.</p>
<p>Finally, she used a hairdryer to make her hair a bit fluffier, lay down on the bed, turned off all the lights, and slowly drifted off to sleep.</p>
<p>She wasn’t used to falling asleep quickly through Cogitation. She preferred to let her thoughts wander freely before sleep, allowing them to fly unrestrained, to reminisce, to imagine.</p>
<p>In the dark room, Jenna’s breathing finally became long and gentle.</p>
<p>The screen of her phone placed beside her pillow suddenly lit up.</p>
<p>The lit screen showed no incoming calls, messages, or system updates to run.</p>
<p>It only lit up for two or three seconds before going dark again, not triggering Jenna’s spiritual intuition.</p>
<p>Not long after, the phone screen lit up again, still without any information displayed.</p>
<p>After alternating between lighting up and going dark three or four times, Jenna’s phone returned to normal, with no more unusual activity.</p>
<p>Jenna’s astral body once again saw the layers of frozen storms and the semi-transparent barrier formed by the storms. She saw numerous human shadows wandering in the virtual image of Dechuang Garden district, and strange creatures trying to enter this “spirit world residential district”.</p>
<p>Like last night, Luo Shan guarded the semi-transparent barrier, sometimes using painting to create different supernatural effects to repel invaders, sometimes creating totem-like objects combined with strange chanting to directly affect various strange creatures…</p>
<p>After a while, the strange creatures retreated into the darkness. Luo Shan sighed in relief and flew to the area where Jenna and other astral bodies were wandering.</p>
<p>Jenna tensed mentally, employing her acting skills to make her eyes show obvious bewilderment, losing their proper focus.</p>
<p>She allowed herself to be guided by spirituality, drifting about like a kite.</p>
<p>Luo Shan quietly observed her for twenty to thirty seconds, then descended beside her, following her unconscious “wandering” and said casually, “The monster with a human upper body and a python lower body is called Lamotte. They prey on humans, feeding on human spirits, internal organs, and blood…</p>
<p>“The monsters that look like offspring of owls and humans are called Morna. They like to kill children, especially human children…</p>
<p>“Those naked women and men are also monsters, subordinates of the Spirits of Lust, who like to suck the energy and life force of the opposite sex…</p>
<hr />
<p>“Those Spirit Bodies also murder humans because they particularly love to cook and eat human internal organs…”</p>
<p>After introducing them one by one, Luo Shan’s voice became low, as if talking to herself, “Don’t ask me why I know these things…”</p>
<p>Jenna maintained her performance but took note of these words.</p>
<p>Luo Shan exhaled slowly and deeply, with a sense of relief from finally speaking out some of the things weighing on her heart, no longer as tormented as before, and not having to worry about revealing her own secrets. She flew back to the barrier, waiting for a possible second wave of invaders.</p>
<hr />
<p>At Xinhong District, in a rented apartment.</p>
<p>Franca looked at Ludwig, who had changed into bear pajamas, and asked curiously, “What abilities did you gain after eating that Sleepless mouse?”</p>
<p>Ludwig yawned. “I can see things clearly in pitch darkness, sense dangers hidden in the dark, and my spirituality and strength have increased…”</p>
<p>“You didn’t gain the ability to be energetic with only two hours of sleep each day?” Franca asked for confirmation.</p>
<p>Ludwig shook his head. “No.”</p>
<p><em>That’s good, that’s good. Sleepless hunger sounds terrifying… Not sleeping and being bored, you can only eat… Well, you could also preview, study, review…</em> Franca sighed in relief without hiding it, then said thoughtfully to Ludwig, “Because you haven’t digested the Beyonder characteristics and truly completed the absorption, your utilization of the Beyonder characteristics is still very rough, with great limitations?”</p>
<p>Ludwig nodded. “That should be the case.”</p>
<p>“Then do you think you’ll still have these changes when you return to reality?” What Franca really wanted to ask was whether the dream potions, represented by the Sleepless drink, contained real Beyonder characteristics that had been “grafted” over.</p>
<p>Ludwig answered honestly, “I don’t know.”</p>
<p>“If you get kicked out of the dream, remember to confirm this point,” Lumian reminded Ludwig.</p>
<p>The authenticity of potions was related to some of their subsequent strategies.</p>
<p>Ludwig reluctantly agreed.</p>
<p>Lumian thought for two seconds and asked again, “If I don’t force you, compel you to stay in this dream, would you want to leave now, and would you be willing to enter again if you were kicked out of the dream?”</p>
<p>Ludwig hesitated for a moment and said, “I-I quite like it here.”</p>
<p><em>Your attitude wasn’t like this before, especially after knowing you still have to study, do homework, and take exams constantly in the dream…</em> Franca grumbled inwardly.</p>
<p>“What do you like about this place?” Lumian asked with interest.</p>
<p>Ludwig pondered seriously and said, “The food tastes good, and some of it is real. I can also watch cartoons, and all of you have become a bit nicer to me…”</p>
<p><em>As if we were terribly abusing you before…</em> Franca didn’t say this out loud.</p>
<p>After Ludwig entered the second bedroom and lay down on the bed, Lumian turned his head towards Franca and chuckled. “Still not asleep at this time?”</p>
<p>“Can’t I be nervous? Tomorrow is the interview, the first real interview in my life, and I can’t fail!” Franca paced back and forth anxiously, muttering, “Normal makeup won’t do, but looking too ugly won’t work either. How do I strike the right balance… When to use Charm during the interview, shallow Charm or full Charm, then have Anthony find a chance to Hypnotize the interviewers to make them forget about it… Thinking about all this keeps me awake…”</p>
<p>Lumian chuckled in response. “It’s not a big deal if you fail; you can find other opportunities.</p>
<p>“Besides, if you’re already thinking about having Anthony Hypnotize the interviewers to make them forget about being Charmed, why not have Anthony directly induce the interviewers to choose you?”</p>
<p>“Wouldn’t that make me seem useless?” Franca mumbled quietly.</p>
<p>After Lumian’s consolation, thinking about how her companions would back her up, she finally calmed some of her anxiety and nervousness. She clenched her fist and cheered herself on, “It’s just a try, no big deal!</p>
<p>“It doesn’t matter if I fail, failure is the mother of success!”</p>
<p>Seeing Franca’s behavior, Lumian suddenly recalled his younger self.</p>
<p>He stood up, walked in front of Franca, and gave her a hug.</p>
<p>“Hey…” Franca was startled.</p>
<p>Lumian said with a smile, his voice slightly low, “Aurore used to often tell me, just go for it, whether you succeed or fail, I’ll give you a hug…”</p>
<p>Franca’s expression changed, she opened her mouth, then closed it.</p>
<p>After two seconds, she smiled and said, “Shouldn’t I, as the older sister—no, older brother, be saying these words to you?”</p>
<p>She broke away from Lumian’s embrace and chuckled.</p>
<p>“Next time, when you’re nervous, I’ll say this to you too, and I’ll give you a hug.”</p>
<p>“A Hunter’s nervousness won’t show.” Lumian shrugged.</p>
<p>“Tch!” Franca made a disdainful sound and entered the master bedroom.</p>
<p>Rest well to face the interview!</p>
<hr />
<p>The next morning, on the tenth floor of the Tech Building, outside the “White Maple” conference room.</p>
<p>Franca found that nearly twenty people had come for the interview, each a stylishly dressed, attractive female urbanite.</p>
<p>Of course, with a Demoness’s beauty, even at just Sequence 7 level, she was much more beautiful than these women. But today, Franca wore slightly old-fashioned black-framed glasses, hiding her bright eyes, and had let down her ponytail to fall naturally, appearing less carefree.</p>
<p>She also used the Lie earring, combined with makeup techniques, to modify some details of her features, making herself look like a conservative, average-level beauty.</p>
<p>“Next, Luo Fu.”</p>
<p>Hearing her name, Franca straightened her fitted white women’s shirt and loose-legged gray trousers, and walked into the White Maple conference room.</p>
<p>Inside the conference room were three interviewers, one man and two women, with an impressively beautiful woman sitting to the side.</p>
<p>That woman wore azure-colored contact lenses, her slightly curled long hair dyed chestnut brown. Her features had a somewhat exotic feel. She appeared to be only eighteen or nineteen years old, her face showing a hint of youthfulness, like a freshman or sophomore college student, yet she had an air of long-standing authority.</p>
<p><em>Princess Bernadette, Emperor Roselle’s eldest daughter? No, now she’s Miss Huang Beibei… Why has she come to observe Intis Group’s interview? What does she want to do… What does she dislike, what does she like…</em> As thoughts raced through her mind, Franca decided to abandon her plan to naturally Charm the interviewers later.</p>
<p>She answered the interviewers’ questions normally according to her background setting, without standing out in any way or revealing her true personality.</p>
<p>After all candidates had been interviewed, the male interviewer looked towards Huang Beibei and asked flatteringly, “Young Miss, do you have any preferred candidates?”</p>
<p>“Just call me Miss Huang,” Huang Beibei said in an even tone. “Some of those interviewees were too showy, some dressed too revealingly, some put all their energy into makeup and dressing up. How can they work like that?”</p>
<p><em>But Mr. Huang likes that…</em> The male interviewer didn’t dare say this out loud.</p>
<p>Huang Beibei continued, “I choose the most conservative one, Luo Fu.”</p>
<p>“Got it.” The interviewer didn’t dare oppose Miss Huang.</p>
<p>Even if Mr. Huang himself were here, he would say, “Right, right, right, my daughter has such good judgment!”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
