<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch958.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-951-everything-as-usual" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 951: Everything as Usual</h2>
<p>Lumian looked again at Old Wang and Old Ding, who were wrapped from head to toe in white bandages, carefully examining their condition and the details around them.</p>
<p>“Don’t disturb the patients,” the nurse who had led Lumian and the others into the ward reminded them before walking out and returning to the nurses’ station.</p>
<p>At this moment, the patient who was presumably Old Ding woke up, influenced by the conversation between his family members and Xu Xinyang, slowly opening his eyes.</p>
<p>Contrasted against the surrounding circles of white bandages, Old Ding’s deep brown eyes were noticeably darker than normal, taking quite a while to regain focus.</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t notice any abnormalities worth noting.</p>
<p>Xu Xinyang walked to the bedside and greeted Old Ding, who lacked energy and spoke indistinctly.</p>
<p>Lumian listened for about 20-30 seconds, then glanced at the still sleeping Old Wang, and stepped back gradually, inconspicuously and without drawing attention, to the doorway of the ward.</p>
<p>He then examined the doctor and nurse information posted outside the ward:</p>
<p>“Attending Physician: Huang Puda.</p>
<p>“Head Nurse: Qi Fang.”</p>
<p>From the photo, it was clear that Qi Fang was the nurse who had just led Lumian and the others to the ward.</p>
<p><em>Names not mentioned in the files… The name style is that of “locals” in the dream city, not like “foreigners”… Doesn’t seem to be any problem…</em> Lumian returned to the ward and followed Team Lead Xu Xinyang in greeting Old Ding and the two family members again.</p>
<p>They didn’t stay long to avoid disturbing the patients’ rest.</p>
<p>Walking through the corridor, past the nurses’ station, and towards the ward’s main door, Lumian casually examined the bulletin boards on both sides of the wall.</p>
<p>One side featured scientific achievements and introductions to some diseases and injuries, while the other side had brief introductions of all the doctors and nurses in this ward, arranged in several rows.</p>
<p>Lumian’s gaze fell on the topmost photo.</p>
<p>It was a female doctor with a plump appearance, fairly good features, and slightly brownish eyes, looking to be in her forties.</p>
<p>Her introduction read: “Roland, Associate Dean…”</p>
<p>Lumian’s first reaction was “Isn’t that Franca’s last name?”, followed by a sudden chill down his spine, almost making him shudder.</p>
<p>He remembered another Roland.</p>
<p>It was a prominent name he had heard about while investigating the sea prayer ritual in Port Santa of the Feynapotter Kingdom: Matriarch Roland of the Church of Earth Mother!</p>
<p>This was equivalent to the pontiff or pope in other orthodox churches!</p>
<p><em>The Planter pathway has the Doctor Sequence, and Roland, as the matriarch of the Church of Earth Mother, is most likely an Angel of this pathway, which is equivalent to one of the strongest doctors in the real world. Her corresponding manifestation in the dream city serving as the associate dean and chief surgeon of a hospital, certainly qualifies and aligns with Mr. Fool’s subconscious cognition… But the problem is, this is Mushu Hospital…</em> Lumian naturally withdrew his gaze and walked towards the ward exit with Xu Xinyang, his expression unchanged.</p>
<p>He remembered that the information from the Major Arcana card holders didn’t mention Roland having a corresponding dream manifestation.</p>
<p><em>Is it unknown, or considered unimportant, a mere NPC? Is Roland becoming the associate dean of Mushu Hospital woven by Mr. Fool’s subconscious dream, representing some of his cognition, or has Roland’s dream manifestation been exploited by the Great Mother due to issues with Her own pathway? Or is this one of the “achievements” of Mushu Hospital? If Mother Roland is the associate dean, then who is the dean?</em> Lumian felt he needed to report this to the Major Arcana card holders.</p>
<p>This didn’t contradict his idea of first “testing” on his own and gaining personal results. He was worried that if there was a problem with the dream image, it might affect Matriarch Roland in the real world, and wanted to remind the Major Arcana card holders.</p>
<p>Leaving the ward, Lumian curiously asked, “Team Lead Xu, what’s the name of the dean of Mushu Hospital? I haven’t seen any news about him.”</p>
<p>Xu Xinyang entered the elevator area and thought for a few seconds before saying, “Strange, odd, I haven’t heard of him either.</p>
<p>“I only know that Mr. Huang used to have a good relationship with this hospital, donated a lot of money to them, and helped establish them.”</p>
<p><em>Money… a lot of money… donations…</em> Lumian thought this must have been done when Emperor Roselle was still corrupted by the Great Mother.</p>
<p>This also made Mushu Hospital financially strong, seemingly not too worried about “money” issues, unlike the Colorful Hostel of the Fantasy Association, which still had to exploit its bestowed and believers for renovation.</p>
<p>While waiting for the slow elevator, Old Xia suddenly asked Xu Xinyang, “Team Lead Xu, do you think Old Wang and Old Ding can recover to their original state? They used to be such good fighters.”</p>
<p>“Are you eyeing the positions they left behind?” Xu Xinyang asked with a smile.</p>
<p>In the Intis Group, the Security Department wasn’t just about security guards, but also had real security personnel responsible for protecting Mr. Huang’s family and important guests, providing security services for jewelry exhibitions, antique exhibitions, arms deals, etc. held by various companies of the group, and protecting important mining sites through cooperation with local armed forces.</p>
<p>Old Wang and Old Ding were security personnel, earning much higher salaries than ordinary security guards, with additional allowances if dispatched externally.</p>
<p>“I’ll pass; can’t take that risk, and don’t have that ability,” Old Xia waved his hands repeatedly, looking scared.</p>
<p>Xu Xinyang looked at Lumian and smiled, saying, “Originally, I wanted someone in their fifties or sixties, but the HR department sent me the youngest one. Fortunately, Director Grimm is satisfied.”</p>
<p>“Why look for someone in their fifties or sixties?” Old Xia asked on behalf of Lumian, he himself looking to be only in his thirties or forties.</p>
<p>Xu Xinyang chuckled and said, “Security guard is a service position. You’re all too young, not smooth enough, and can’t bring yourselves to make a scene or throw tantrums.</p>
<p>“Think about it, if you had a conflict with an employee in the building, which one of you would be able to lie down on the ground without any burden, clutch your chest and cry out in pain, saying you can’t breathe? A man in his fifties or sixties wouldn’t have such concerns, they’d dare to lie down, dare to shout, dare to extort. In that case, would the employee on the other side dare to take it seriously and continue to make trouble? Having an elder is like having a treasure!”</p>
<p>Lumian understood that Xu Xinyang was reprimanding him, thinking that getting into trouble with someone on his first day of work showed inexperience.</p>
<p>Zhao, not catching Xu Xinyang’s implied meaning, asked foolishly, “Then why not directly find someone over seventy?”</p>
<p>“What if they really fall ill on duty?” Xu Xinyang scolded Zhao impatiently, “You don’t care when it’s Mr. Huang’s money, do you?”</p>
<p>Zhao giggled, not refuting Xu Xinyang.</p>
<p>At this moment, an elevator finally stopped on this floor, already crowded with people.</p>
<p>Entering the elevator and following its slow descent, Lumian suddenly had a feeling that he and the others were sinking into the dark seabed.</p>
<p>It was an illusion brought on by his spirituality.</p>
<p>The illusion quickly disappeared as the elevator stopped at the next floor.</p>
<p>As the elevator continued to stop at various floors, Old Xia grumbled, “It’s a bit cold, isn’t the air conditioning too strong…”</p>
<p><em>You didn’t say that when we took the elevator up earlier… Is it because we’re currently descending, getting closer to the underground floors?</em> Lumian thoughtfully observed the other people in the elevator, noticing that they all looked slightly pale from the chilly air conditioning and cold wind.</p>
<p>There were no other unusual situations beyond this.</p>
<p>When the elevator stopped on the first floor, Lumian suddenly felt as if it would plummet in free fall, and instinctively stepped out quickly.</p>
<p>The feeling of overly effective air conditioning disappeared instantly.</p>
<p>Lumian raised his hand to pinch his nose, following Xu Xinyang and the others towards the main entrance of Mushu Hospital.</p>
<p>Just now, he had caught a whiff of blood.</p>
<p>Exiting the hospital building, the sunlight, only slightly weaker than before, instantly brought a sense of golden brightness and clarity.</p>
<p>“That’s why I hate hospitals,” Old Xia muttered.</p>
<p>Lumian half-turned his body, looking at the bustling lobby and the upper floors, summarizing in his mind, <em>There are indeed some abnormal details, but most of the doctors, nurses, and patients here still seem fine…</em></p>
<p><em>If they all had problems, this city would have been corrupted to an unimaginable degree long ago, and Mr. Fool’s subconscious would surely have reacted…</em></p>
<p>As thoughts raced through his mind, Lumian suddenly saw a face pressed against a glass window on the twelfth floor.</p>
<p>That face was bound with strips of white bandages, with only the eyes, nostrils, and mouth uncovered.</p>
<p>He seemed to have seen Lumian too, and began to struggle frantically, then was forcibly dragged away from the window area as if being pulled by one person after another from behind.</p>
<p>Before Lumian could react, he had disappeared.</p>
<p>But Lumian recognized him.</p>
<p>He was Old Wang, who had been sleeping the whole time during their visit.</p>
<p>Lumian turned back, pretending he hadn’t seen anything.</p>
<p>If not for the appointment with Anderson tomorrow night, he would have wanted to storm the twelfth floor ward right now to rescue Old Wang and see what unexpected changes might occur.</p>
<p>For Lumian, this wasn’t something he couldn’t do, but it should be done after completing most of the experiments.</p>
<hr />
<p>In a beef offal hot pot restaurant.</p>
<p>Having booked a large private room with two tables set up, Xu Xinyang held <em>baijiu</em>—a Chinese spirit—and beer, smiling at Lumian and asking, “Can you drink?”</p>
<p>“I can drink a little,” Lumian answered somewhat fearfully.</p>
<p>“As long as you can drink, that’s fine. Drinking style is working style, drinking etiquette is personal etiquette. Those who don’t drink can’t fit into our Security Team 2,” Xu Xinyang pointed at the subordinates around and said, “Except for those on duty, dispatched, hospitalized, or on leave, everyone is here. Make a good impression.”</p>
<p>Lumian had heard from Franca that many companies’ welcome parties for new employees were mainly to test obedience and haze the newcomers, making them learn to be compliant, with drinking being the most common method.</p>
<p>“I’ll… I’ll try my best,” Lumian squeezed out a smile with a heavy expression.</p>
<p>Two hours later, amidst various bottles of alcohol piled up on the table and in the corners, Lumian held a bottle of strong liquor, smiling broadly at Xu Xinyang and saying, “Team Lead Xu, drink up, why aren’t you drinking?</p>
<p>“Come on, let’s finish what’s left.”</p>
<p>Xu Xinyang, his face pale and movements uncoordinated, said, “No, no more drinking. Later, later I still need to go home and pay my dues to the wife.”</p>
<p>Around him, some like Old Xia and Zhao were either slumped over the table or curled up in corners, already asleep. Some had just returned from vomiting in the bathroom, swaying unsteadily. Some gathered in groups, chattering endlessly. Others sat silently, motionless…</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
