<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch967.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-960-psychiatric-ward" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 960: Psychiatric Ward</h2>
<p>Using the cover of the parents in front, Lumian discreetly observed Zaratulstra’s every move.</p>
<p>After listening to Ai Nana’s introduction for a few minutes, Zaratulstra nodded, left the door of the Business English class, and turned to look at the other training classes currently in session.</p>
<p><em>He didn’t do anything…</em> Lumian was puzzled, but remained vigilant.</p>
<p>It wasn’t until Zaratulstra finished touring Dream Tutoring Classes and Ai Nana escorted him and his entourage out, returning to teach the Business English class, that Lumian sat back in his original seat and silently said to himself, <em>He’s leaving just like that?</em></p>
<p><em>Was he simply here to recognize Zhou Mingrui, complete the initial contact, or did he secretly do something that I didn’t notice? For example, has he already controlled Ms. Ai, or discreetly used some ability to achieve his predetermined goal from just a few meters away?</em></p>
<p>After thinking it through, Lumian picked up his phone and sent a message to Jenna: “Ask Luo Shan to remind the target via WeChat to pay attention to his condition today, not to drink water he brought to the tutoring class, and to buy new water later.”</p>
<p>This was to indirectly and subtly remind Zhou Mingrui, and at the same time, it was an experiment to see if hints conveyed through dream characters during the day would bring any anomalies to themselves.</p>
<p>A few minutes later, Zhou Mingrui, who was listening attentively to the lecture, felt his phone vibrate in his pocket.</p>
<p>He took out his phone, lowered his head, unlocked the screen, and saw a message from Luo Shan: “Remember to examine yourself three times a day, and don’t drink water you’ve brought outside.”</p>
<p><em>What does this mean? I can’t make head or tail of the message. It’s puzzling…</em> Zhou Mingrui first grumbled to himself, then perceived the hidden reminder.</p>
<p>He hadn’t yet fully determined whether Luo Shan was good or bad, whether she had more good intentions or bad intentions towards him, but the hint to frequently examine his own condition and not drink the current water wouldn’t cause any harm even if he followed it.</p>
<p>In such matters, it’s better to believe something existed than to doubt its existence!</p>
<p>Zhou Mingrui replied with an “Okay” and stuffed the phone back into his pocket, raising his head again.</p>
<p>He didn’t look at the bottle of mineral water he had placed on the table again.</p>
<p>Outside the classroom, Lumian once again scrutinized Zaratulstra’s recent behavior.</p>
<p><em>He just looked at Zhou Mingrui from a few meters away for a while, without trying to get closer…</em></p>
<p><em>Whether or not he did anything secretly, this behavior makes me feel that he doesn’t dare to deeply engage with Zhou Mingrui, to do some things in front of that person…</em></p>
<p><em>Combined with Franca’s morning description of the feeling of being kicked out of the dream and the overt and covert struggles in the lottery incident, it can be seen that Mr. Fool has a certain control over the dream, at least not much weaker than the Celestial Worthy. In this situation, if Zaratulstra stimulates him and his identity is discovered or locked onto, he is likely to be made into a marionette or kicked out of the dream…</em></p>
<p><em>In the dream city, it’s not just us who need to be careful, the Celestial Worthy’s subordinates also have to follow the same rules…</em></p>
<p>Thinking of this, Lumian’s train of thought became much clearer.</p>
<p>He stood up and began pacing in the corridor, thinking about the details of some issues while waiting for the possible consequences of indirectly reminding Zhou Mingrui.</p>
<p>Walking to the end of the passageway, he casually glanced outside through the window.</p>
<p>He suddenly saw that across the street, Zaratulstra walked out of the building accompanied by a young girl, followed by his entourage and many unfamiliar faces.</p>
<p>Lumian was very familiar with the appearance of that young girl.</p>
<p>The Major Arcana card holder, The Hermit, Queen of Stars Cattleya!</p>
<p><em>In the dream city, Ma’am Hermit’s role is Huang Jiajia, roommate of Miss Bernie Huang, and because she lost a bet, she always calls Bernie Huang ‘dad’… Mr. Fool’s subconscious weaving of relationships is quite interesting…</em></p>
<p><em>Huang Jiajia’s family runs Star Tutoring Classes, which is a competitor to Dream Tutoring Classes, so she used high remuneration to ask Zhou Mingrui to enroll in Dream Tutoring Classes to scout the enemy…</em></p>
<p><em>Is Zaratulstra putting on a full show by examining Dream Tutoring Classes’ competitors as well, or does he want to do something to Ma’am Hermit’s dream manifestation?</em></p>
<p><em>Speaking of which, the dried mushrooms that prevented Zhou Mingrui from drinking the Instigator beverage came from Huang Jiajia, grown by the biology teacher Li Keji at Star Tutoring Classes, whose prototype is the ‘Legendary Druid’ Frank Lee… No wonder those dried mushrooms had supernatural properties. In Mr. Fool’s subconscious, any mushroom products sent by Frank Lee might be problematic…</em></p>
<p>Lumian stood at the window, watching until Zaratulstra got into a black business car, with Huang Jiajia and others waving goodbye at the roadside, before preparing to walk back to the outside of the Beginner English class.</p>
<p>Suddenly, he heard a wee-woo wee-woo sound.</p>
<p>It was an ambulance, stopping at the entrance of Star Tutoring Classes. Not only nurses but also police officers jumped out.</p>
<p><em>What happened? Was it brought by Zaratulstra? </em>Lumian stopped in his tracks and continued observing from afar.</p>
<p>Before long, the police and nurses brought out a person from Star Tutoring Classes. The person was wearing a white shirt and olive green overalls, with longish brown hair and dense body hair. His hands were handcuffed behind his back, and his legs and body were tightly bound.</p>
<p>This person was carried out and stuffed into the ambulance.</p>
<p>Lumian recognized this person.</p>
<p>He was Li Keji, the biology teacher at Star Tutoring Classes, corresponding to the prototype character “Legendary Druid” Frank Lee!</p>
<p><em>Why was he arrested? And arrested using an ambulance…</em></p>
<p><em>Did he cause problems with the mushrooms?</em></p>
<p><em>Or is this the problem brought by Zaratulstra? Is he trying to eliminate Frank Lee’s dream manifestation to prevent some mushroom from ruining his plans next time?</em></p>
<p>Lumian quickly took out his phone and scrolled through local news and videos.</p>
<p>In just a few minutes, he saw related posts: “Guys, can you believe it? I just went to take some biology tutoring, and the teacher was arrested as a mentally ill terrorist!</p>
<p>“Is studying biology so dangerous?</p>
<p>“The teacher had said earlier that if we did well on this test, he would give us a bag of new mushroom strains!”</p>
<p>After scrolling through several similar videos, Lumian roughly confirmed that Frank Lee had been arrested by the Celestial Worthy’s side on some pretext, first to be treated for mental issues, then to deal with other matters.</p>
<p><em>However, judging from the description in the latest issue of The Great Adventurer and the situation with Zhou Mingrui’s bag of dried mushrooms, the probability that the mushrooms grown at ‘Li Keji’s’ home are harmless is very, very low. What’s this called… it seems to be endangering public safety by dangerous means? Arresting him seems reasonable…</em> Just as Lumian thought of this, he received a message.</p>
<p>It was from “Intis Group Grimm”: “There’s a matter that requires your personal attention.”</p>
<p><em>What matter requires the Child of God to handle personally?</em> Lumian used voice input to reply: “Is it urgent?”</p>
<p>“Not too urgent.” Grimm quickly replied.</p>
<p>Lumian pondered for a few seconds and replied: “Then wait until I’ve finished with the child.”</p>
<p>In front of the Mother Goddess’s believers, it was better to show more of the glory of motherhood, to make them more certain of one’s identity.</p>
<p>“Alright, please attend to your matters first.” Grimm replied quite humbly, completely unlike the security director of the Intis Group, while Lumian was just a mere security guard.</p>
<p>Lumian took this opportunity to inform Jenna about the Zaratulstra matter and Frank Lee’s fate.</p>
<p>When the Business English class and Beginner English class ended one after another, Lumian politely said goodbye to Zhou Mingrui, took Ludwig, left Dream Tutoring Classes, and got into the gray sedan driven by Anthony.</p>
<p>Only then did he send a message to “Intis Group Grimm”: “Time and place.”</p>
<p>Just a dozen seconds later, Grimm responded: “I’ll wait for you at the entrance of Mushu Hospital.”</p>
<p><em>Mushu Hospital…</em> Lumian frowned slightly.</p>
<hr />
<p>Under the blazing sunlight, Lumian saw Grimm standing in the shade of a tree.</p>
<p>The security director of the Intis Group had changed into a light-colored striped shirt and was wearing sunglasses, disguising himself quite well.</p>
<p>“What’s the matter?” Lumian walked past Grimm, heading straight into Mushu Hospital.</p>
<p>Grimm followed behind him to the side, saying with a smile in his voice, “You’ll know when you see it. This should be one of the purposes Mother wanted you to come here for.”</p>
<p><em>The way you’re talking, it feels like you’ve dug a trap in front and are waiting for me to fall in… Lumian nodded slightly, not asking further.</em></p>
<p><em>Wouldn’t asking too much reveal that there’s actually no connection between me and the Great Mother?</em></p>
<p>Grimm quickened his pace, overtaking him, and led the way in front.</p>
<p>He led Lumian around the main building to a three-story building behind it, surrounded by high walls, with a lawn and garden.</p>
<p>“This is the psychiatric ward,” Grimm introduced, verifying his identity with the security guard and passing through the iron gate.</p>
<p>Lumian nodded thoughtfully.</p>
<p>The two quickly entered the building, and just as they climbed to the second floor under the nurse’s guidance, they heard a patient banging on the iron door and shouting, “Let me out!</p>
<p>“I’m not sick! I only lost after fighting with two supreme beings to the edge of the universe, and you caught me, I’m not sick!</p>
<p>“This is my marionette, this is my paper figurine, look, I have them all with me, I’m not crazy!</p>
<p>“I’ve divined it, there’s no danger, really no danger. That voice is normal, haven’t you heard it?</p>
<p>“Let me out! Let me out!”</p>
<p>Lumian raised his right eyebrow.</p>
<p><em>Which Seer pathway Beyonder is this? At least a Marionettist…</em></p>
<p>Lumian immediately associated this with the Marionettist who hadn’t intervened when they killed the reanimated female corpse, and thought of the madman found in the garbage dump near Moon Plazal the next morning, who had been sent to the hospital.</p>
<p><em>Is this the Marionettist who went mad? So he was sent to the psychiatric ward of Mushu Hospital… What voice did he hear? Did that cause him to go mad?</em> As Lumian pondered, his footsteps didn’t stop. He followed behind the nurse and Grimm all the way to the end of an empty corridor.</p>
<p>The nurse stood at the door of the deepest ward and said to Grimm and Lumian, “The patient is inside. You can look at him through the window, but don’t reach your hands in.”</p>
<p>After saying this, she turned and left, without providing any further warnings.</p>
<p>After watching the nurse disappear at the stairwell, Grimm smiled at Lumian and said,</p>
<p>“Child of God, Li Keji is inside.”</p>
<p><em>Li Keji… Frank Lee?</em> Although Lumian had already anticipated this, he was still shocked.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
