<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch969.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-962-anonymous-tip" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 962: Anonymous Tip</h2>
<p>While Ludwig was making noise eating, Anthony drove the car a bit further to a shaded area to avoid the harsh sunlight.</p>
<p>He rolled down the window slightly to create a gap, while Lumian condensed ice cubes to assist the not-so-effective old air conditioner in providing coolness.</p>
<p>This way, they waited for nearly half an hour until they finally saw Miss Huang and Huang Jiajia’s group coming out of Mushu Hospital. Among them were people dressed as police officers, carrying Li Keji with his legs bound and hands cuffed.</p>
<p>After watching them get into different vehicles and leave Mushu Hospital, Lumian received a message from Intis Group Grimm: “The target has been transferred to the psychiatric ward of another hospital. He will undergo another mental evaluation and police questioning.</p>
<p>“In a week, we’ll need to take action again.”</p>
<p>“Alright,” Lumian handed the phone to Anthony, letting him read the content sent by Grimm.</p>
<p>Then, Lumian said, “We can’t get involved in the tug-of-war and struggle at the official level right now, nor do we have a way to intervene. But we need to do something covertly. Even if we don’t manage the actions of the Great Mother’s children a week later, we must consider the possibility of the Celestial Worthy’s subordinates infiltrating the other hospital to eliminate Frank Lee’s dream manifestation, just like they killed the Oracle.</p>
<p>“They’re entirely capable of doing such a thing.”</p>
<p>Anthony nodded. “This is also an application of psychological blind spots. Most people would think Li Keji is definitely safe being confined in a psychiatric ward with police guards outside. And since Li Keji’s backers have considerable influence and are taking action, Li Keji and his friends probably won’t take risky actions in the short term. As a result, most people will unconsciously lower their guard, which presents a good opportunity for assassination.”</p>
<p>“Should we go rescue Li Keji in the next couple of days?” Lumian mused uncertainly to himself.</p>
<p>Anthony said calmly, “If we rescue him, he’ll truly become a wanted criminal.</p>
<p>“Where do you plan to hide him?</p>
<p>“This might also make us suspects in the eyes of the police. In the dream city, this represents us opposing the dream’s main consciousness, which also means we’re close to being discovered by the Celestial Worthy.”</p>
<p>“Hide him in a painting?” Lumian pondered in response.</p>
<p>The worlds within paintings created by Painters were different from mirror worlds. They weren’t interconnected, so one couldn’t directly move from one painted world to another. One needed to first reach the corresponding painting before entering.</p>
<p>In other words, if Li Keji was hidden in a painted world, as long as Lumian and the others kept that painting safe, they wouldn’t have to worry too much about someone infiltrating through other means or searching via illusory tunnels.</p>
<p>Before Anthony could respond, Lumian laughed at himself.</p>
<p>“We don’t necessarily have to risk rescuing Li Keji. We can change our approach.</p>
<p>“We can hide nearby, wait for the Celestial Worthy’s subordinates to come eliminate the target, then ambush and take them out.</p>
<p>“When the week’s deadline arrives and I go with the children of the Great Mother to induce the embryo in Li Keji’s belly, you, Franca, and Jenna can cover your faces and ambush us. I’ll pretend to be overwhelmed and flee with the children of the Great Mother, thus missing the chance to have Li Keji give birth within four weeks.</p>
<p>“Failure is better than exposure. At most, it would mean the Child of God loses some prestige in the eyes of Grimm and the others.”</p>
<p>At this point, Lumian picked up his phone and sent a message to Jenna: “Be sure to protect Luo Shan well recently.”</p>
<p>Since Zaratulstra and the Celestial Worthy’s subordinates he represented were eliminating certain dream characters, including those who had directly or indirectly helped Zhou Mingrui, Luo Shan, who had recently reminded Zhou Mingrui, might be one of their primary targets.</p>
<p>Lumian had previously shared information about Zaratulstra, so Jenna and Franca easily understood his meaning and replied with an “Okay.”</p>
<p>Both parties then used the Information Shredder to delete their chat history.</p>
<p>“Where to now? Back?” Anthony glanced at the still rather bright sky.</p>
<p>After careful and repeated consideration, Lumian said, “To Star Dream Provisions Store.”</p>
<p>Anthony didn’t ask why. He rolled up the window and drove off.</p>
<p>About twenty minutes later, they arrived at their destination.</p>
<p>While Anthony took Ludwig to queue at a nearby shop selling guokui—a type of Chinese flatbread—Lumian entered Star Dream Provisions Store and approached the cashier, politely asking the shopkeeper, “Is there any mail for us?”</p>
<p>The shopkeeper, occupied by her phone, nodded and took out a letter, tossing it onto the counter.</p>
<p>Lumian opened it on the spot and began reading.</p>
<p>“Regarding the matter of Mushu Hospital’s associate dean, we’ve communicated with the Sanguine duke and high-level Blessed of the Church of Earth Mother. So far, we haven’t found anything unusual about Matriarch Roland, and the Blessed haven’t received any warnings from Earth Mother in this regard.</p>
<p>“Are you wondering if the dean of Mushu Hospital might be the dream manifestation of Earth Mother? We can assure you that it hasn’t reached that level yet. This is based on divine revelation, so don’t worry about what the dean of Mushu Hospital is called, unless it’s Omebella…”</p>
<p><em>Madam Magician, you’re quite skilled at telling horror stories too, worthy of being a great writer…</em> Lumian grumbled, continuing to read. “The name Stiano was quite famous in the Fourth Epoch. His full name is Yuggs Stiano. He was one of the founders of the Moses Ascetic Order, but later left the order and disappeared for a long time. It’s said that after the War of the Four Emperors and before the Pale Disaster, He became a true god. Yes, you’ve probably guessed who He is now. Also, remember, when you return to reality, don’t speak this name in any language with supernatural power.”</p>
<p><em>It’s really the God of Steam and Machinery.. I actually added a true god on WeChat, and He even helped create a mini-program… He’s quite friendly and approachable… I wonder how Anthony would react if he knew that was the true god he once believed in, and probably still has some faith in. Would his emotional changes break through a Spectator’s instinctual control? </em>Lumian stuffed the reply letter into the Traveler’s Bag.</p>
<p>Next, he took out his phone and sent a WeChat message to Anderson Hood: “Why don’t you turn yourself in?”</p>
<p>After three or four minutes, “A name that leaves a deep impression on you” replied: “Over the years, there haven’t been many people who could confuse and surprise me for a while. You’re now one of them.</p>
<p>“Are you planning to report clues about Danitz’s death to the police?”</p>
<p>Lumian brought the phone close to his mouth and smiled as he said, “I plan to write the names of all suspects in Danitz’s murder in a tip-off letter and submit it to the police department, using official power to trouble that person. Hopefully, it will cause him significant trouble. In others’ eyes, what the mute did is no different from what you did.</p>
<p>“Since that’s the case, why don’t you just turn yourself in? This way, I won’t need to write the tip-off letter.”</p>
<p>These words were quickly converted to text and sent to Anderson Hood.</p>
<p>Anderson Hood promptly replied, “Are you worried that if you write the tip-off letter, you’ll also be targeted by the authorities? So you’re instigating me to turn myself in to minimize the risk you need to bear?</p>
<p>“Don’t worry, the mute mainly made Danitz less vigilant and alert, but didn’t actually do anything. He left no traces at the scene and used the power of paintings to create a strong alibi. Otherwise, as Danitz’s roommate who reported to the police just hours after the incident, I would have been the most suspicious person and would have been found out long ago.</p>
<p>“That person is also very cautious and didn’t leave any effective clues. However, troubling him a bit, distracting his attention, and making the police truly notice this name is not a bad idea.</p>
<p>“Go ahead and report it, just don’t mention my name.”</p>
<p>Lumian clicked his tongue and walked back to the cashier, saying to the shopkeeper, “Can you help me write a letter?”</p>
<p>Seeing the shopkeeper raise her head to look at him, causing even the bright sunlight outside to be blocked by clouds, Lumian self-deprecatingly smiled and said, “I’m illiterate. I can’t write.”</p>
<p>The shopkeeper smiled slightly and asked, “What do you want to write?”</p>
<p>Lumian thought for a few seconds and replied, “Danitz’s death is related to Zaratulstra. He murdered Danitz.”</p>
<p>The shopkeeper put down her phone, took out paper and pen, and quickly wrote down this paragraph. Finally, she asked, “How many copies?”</p>
<p>“Three,” Lumian reduced the quantity to the minimum.</p>
<p>After the shopkeeper finished writing, he thanked her, took the three tip-off letters, and walked to the front of the magic mirror Arrodes.</p>
<p>He pressed his hand towards this ancient silver mirror.</p>
<p>He wanted to test if the supposedly great magic mirror had a corresponding area behind it, whether it was part of the mirror world.</p>
<p>Before any text could appear on the mirror’s surface, Lumian’s body suddenly lunged forward, quickly dematerializing and diving in.</p>
<p>In the blink of an eye, he saw the void and dark area behind the mirror.</p>
<p><em>The magic mirror is still a mirror… Indeed, if even mirror-like objects can be treated as mirrors, there’s no reason why magic mirrors, which look like real mirrors on the surface, shouldn’t count…</em> Lumian muttered to himself, surveying his surroundings.</p>
<p>He found that the area behind the magic mirror Arrodes seemed a bit different from other mirrors.</p>
<p>The surrounding dark void was deeper, but it also seemed covered by an invisible cloth. Behind the cloth, pairs of eyes were watching him, and inexplicable things were silently flowing.</p>
<p><em>Indeed special…</em> Lumian didn’t waste time. Combining the police department layout provided by the Major Arcana card holders and his own sensing of various mirrors within range, he chose one of them and traversed through.</p>
<p>He wanted to “submit” the tip-off letters through the mirror world!</p>
<p>Soon, he reached his destination and brought his face close to the glass surface, observing the situation outside.</p>
<p>The next second, he saw a person.</p>
<p>The person wore a neat white shirt with black diamond-patterned epaulets on the shoulders. He was a rigid middle-aged man with deep black hair interspersed with some white strands. His dark brown, almost black eyes were looking at the mirror where Lumian was.</p>
<p>Lumian quickly drew back, feeling as if he had been seen by the other party.</p>
<p>This was the office of Police Station No. 1, and that man was the highest leader of the dream city’s police force, Yagates.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
