<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch968.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-961-ideology" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 961: Ideology</h2>
<p>Lumian’s expression remained unchanged as he looked at Grimm, waiting for him to continue speaking.</p>
<p>At this moment, the psychiatric ward was very quiet. There were no patients walking around, no family members coming and going, only the occasional nurse passing by.</p>
<p>Grimm glanced left and right before saying, “Child of God, this is an opportunity to impregnate Li Keji. Please do it personally.”</p>
<p><em>Impregnate Frank Lee? I don’t have that ability, I can only impregnate myself!</em> Lumian grumbled inwardly, glancing at Grimm as he said, “You need me for such a small matter?”</p>
<p>Grimm smiled awkwardly. “If I do it, Li Keji would need to carry the child for a full 40 weeks before giving birth. That would take too long and couldn’t be put to use in the short term. There may be some mutations soon.”</p>
<p><em>So you really do have the Beyonder power to impregnate anyone regardless of gender. Corruption is also a kind of boon, and a source of power… But why are you so fixated on having Frank Lee give birth? Is it some kind of symbol, symbolizing that Frank Lee has truly become a child of the Mother?</em> Various thoughts flashed through Lumian’s mind.</p>
<p>He suddenly remembered that Frank Lee’s dream manifestation, Li Keji, was a special character—influenced by Mr. Fool’s subconscious perception, he exhibited supernatural aspects in mushroom-related matters. Moreover, judging from the dried mushroom incident, his potential stance leaned towards Mr. Fool.</p>
<p>If Frank Lee really became a child of the Great Mother, it would mean that the Great Mother’s forces had control over this special point in the dream city, could effectively utilize it, and more deeply interfere with the development of the dream.</p>
<p>Although these evil gods like the Great Mother wanted balance more, Frank Lee falling into their hands was better than being controlled by the Celestial Worthy. But they also had to guard against the possibility that they were cooperating with the Celestial Worthy on this matter.</p>
<p><em>Frank Lee was arrested by official forces and brought to the psychiatric ward of Mushu Hospital, representing the will of the Celestial Worthy. The Great Mother was one of the “major shareholders” of Mushu Hospital. Perhaps the two have already reached an agreement to cooperate on this individual incident and completed a private transaction…</em> Lumian calmly said to Grimm, “My power is also limited in this city, not much better than yours.”</p>
<p>Grimm explained with a smile, “I know. This time we just want to use your godhood. Although it’s also restricted, it’s still godhood.</p>
<p>“After you impregnate Li Keji, the hospital’s obstetrics department will provide the corresponding reproductive technology and Beyonder power support. Li Keji can give birth to the child within four weeks.”</p>
<p><em>As expected… The obstetrics department of Mushu Hospital is one of the symbols of the Great Mother in this dream… It sounds like it has already been corrupted to some extent, with multiple medical staff becoming children of the Mother…</em></p>
<p><em>If the obstetrics departments of every hospital in the dream city are thoroughly corrupted over time, and the problem isn’t exposed, wouldn’t that mean that all newborns in the dream city afterwards would be children of the Mother?</em></p>
<p><em>Generation after generation, everyone in the dream city would become a child of the Mother… In the end, whether it’s Mr. Fool or that Celestial Worthy who wakes up, they would bear the identity of being a child of the Great Mother, in a mystical sense?</em></p>
<p>The more Lumian thought about it, the more inexplicably terrified he became.</p>
<p>This was a subtle, gradual influence, like boiling a frog in warm water. Given enough time, the Great Mother would inevitably achieve Her goal.</p>
<p>Of course, this was assuming that Mr. Fool and the Celestial Worthy didn’t offer effective resistance, and that this dream continued for at least five generations, spanning a century.</p>
<p><em>These great existences are all cunning…</em> After sighing inwardly, Lumian nodded slightly and responded to Grimm, “Okay.”</p>
<p>Grimm’s face lit up with joy as he said in a prayerful tone, “May the glory of motherhood be eternal!”</p>
<p>He then approached the iron gates of the ward and looked inside through the small window barred with iron. Lumian also took two steps forward.</p>
<p>What met their eyes was the burly back of a man wearing blue and white striped hospital clothes.</p>
<p>The figure was crouching in the corner, fiddling with something.</p>
<p>As Lumian’s gaze moved, he noticed several mushrooms with brown caps and white stems growing where the wall met the floor. They looked fresh and plump, as if they had just been transplanted from a rain-soaked forest.</p>
<p>Bang! Lumian knocked on the iron door, and Grimm yielded the window position to him.</p>
<p>Hearing the knock, the figure stood up and dashed to the door, revealing a face with thick facial hair. It was indeed Li Keji, the biology teacher from Star Tutoring Classes, and the “Legendary Druid” Frank Lee in reality.</p>
<p>Lumian could see that Mr. Fool’s dream subconscious had localized the character of Li Keji to some extent, not setting him as a foreigner. Thus, his eyes were deep brown, and his facial features were softer.</p>
<p>“Finally, someone’s here!” Li Keji said excitedly. “Go tell your dean and department head that I don’t have mental problems. It’s just that many people can’t accept my ideas.”</p>
<p>His eyes were pure and passionate.</p>
<p><em>I can only accept them to a limited extent…</em> Lumian, who had read “The Great Adventurer 6: Future”, muttered silently before asking seriously, “What are your ideas?”</p>
<p>Li Keji was eager to share. “For humans, the most important thing is food. There are still many people in this world suffering from hunger.</p>
<p>“To solve this problem, we need some new plants that meet the following conditions:</p>
<p>“First, they’re not picky about the environment. Second, they don’t need meticulous care. Third, they have a high annual yield. Fourth, preferably they can be harvested frequently. Fifth, they’re nutritionally rich and can meet all human needs…</p>
<p>“I found that mushrooms meet most of my requirements, but they’re not enough. They have insufficient yield, monotonous nutrition, narrow taste range, and so on!</p>
<p>“I’ve been thinking about how to make different types of mushrooms that have different tastes, different nutritional profiles, and different characteristics. For example, ones that are pest-resistant, disease-resistant, can grow and reproduce on their own, taste like beef, produce milk when bitten, and have flesh as delicate as fish…”</p>
<p>Hearing this, Lumian’s eyelid twitched.</p>
<p><em>Some of these new varieties sound very similar to those mushrooms from the New City of Silver…</em></p>
<p><em>Could they all be Frank Lee’s inventions?</em></p>
<p><em>Have I eaten new mushrooms created by Frank Lee?</em></p>
<p><em>No wonder I felt something was off at the time…</em></p>
<p>Lumian glanced at Grimm before saying to the talkative Li Keji, “I can accept your explanation and your ideas.”</p>
<p>“See? Those people don’t understand science, they even called the police to arrest me!” Li Keji’s eyes brightened. “I’ve been thinking for a long time, and finally came up with a way to realize my ideas.”</p>
<p>“What is it?” Lumian raised an eyebrow.</p>
<p>Li Keji said excitedly, “Genetic modification technology!”</p>
<p>For a moment, both Lumian and Grimm fell silent.</p>
<p>After several seconds, Lumian finally grumbled to himself, “So you transplanted all of a cow’s genes into a mushroom?”</p>
<p>Li Keji continued, “My research is progressing steadily, and I already have mature samples.</p>
<p>“Yes, they still have various problems, but that doesn’t negate their epoch-making significance.</p>
<p>“Those mushrooms just happen to moo, or eat grass, or swim, or run, or drink their own milk. These aren’t big problems! Yet they think I’m crazy, that I’m endangering public safety!”</p>
<p><em>I think so too…</em> Lumian was momentarily speechless.</p>
<p>“…”</p>
<p>Grimm was shocked. After a few seconds, he remembered something. “Did you give some dried mushrooms to…”</p>
<p>He stopped abruptly, not finishing the question.</p>
<p>At that time, monitoring Zhou Mingrui’s workstation and having access to all surveillance cameras in the entire building, he had fully witnessed the mutation of those dried mushrooms, and knew their ultimate fate and the potential hidden dangers they had sown.</p>
<p>“I did give some to my colleagues at the tutoring center, but unfortunately there were too few to reward the students,” Li Keji said regretfully.</p>
<p>Lumian secretly breathed a sigh of relief and said to Li Keji, “Geniuses are always lonely, misunderstood by others.”</p>
<p>“No, I’m not a genius. I just have an enthusiastic heart and the courage to put ideas into practice,” Li Keji said, not out of modesty but genuine belief.</p>
<p>“Either way, your original intention wasn’t wrong,” Lumian could only say this.</p>
<p>He raised his right hand towards Li Keji.</p>
<p>Li Keji understood his intention and reached his own hand through the iron bars, giving him a high five.</p>
<p>“I’ll report your situation, but I can’t make the decision,” Lumian said sincerely.</p>
<p>“Thank you,” Li Keji’s face was full of gratitude.</p>
<p>As he returned to the bed area to study the mushrooms again, Lumian walked towards the stairwell and said to Grimm, “He’s already pregnant.”</p>
<p>In reality, he wasn’t.</p>
<p>Before Grimm could respond, Lumian added, “But it will take a week for the embryo to stabilize. Then the obstetrics staff can intervene. Before that, no interference can be made.”</p>
<p>“I see… Alright, I’ll remind them,” Grimm didn’t understand to what extent godhood limited by this world could achieve.</p>
<p>After leaving Mushu Hospital and watching Grimm leave, Lumian walked across the street and got into the gray sedan driven by Anthony.</p>
<p>Looking at the entrance of Mushu Hospital, he pondered for a moment before saying, “Try to rescue Li Keji from the psychiatric ward within a week.”</p>
<p>Otherwise, the “false pregnancy” would be exposed, and he would inevitably be suspected.</p>
<p>Moreover, by then, the bestowed of the Great Mother could still remedy the situation and make Li Keji truly pregnant.</p>
<p>Just as Lumian finished speaking, he suddenly saw two cars stop at the entrance of Mushu Hospital. Among the people getting out were Huang Jiajia, Miss Bernie Huang, and several men in suits.</p>
<p><em>Is Huang Jiajia bringing help to rescue Li Keji?</em></p>
<p><em>Miss Huang won’t do anything illegal openly, so those people must be lawyers and some officials, trying to get Li Keji out through proper procedures?</em></p>
<p><em>Even if those mushrooms are really like biochemical toxins, Miss Huang can’t change the fact that Li Keji is guilty and has mental problems. But she can find a way to transfer him to another hospital, without keeping him in Mushu Hospital…</em></p>
<p><em>Does this count as a covert struggle between two official forces, symbolizing the confrontation between Mr. Fool and the Celestial Worthy? Does Mr. Fool’s subconscious want to protect Li Keji?</em></p>
<p>Lumian watched thoughtfully.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
