<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch971.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-964-a-bit-special" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 964: A Bit Special</h2>
<p>Across from the building where Peng Deng worked.</p>
<p>Jenna walked up to the gray sedan and watched as the door opened and Ludwig got out by himself.</p>
<p>She nodded to Anthony in the driver’s seat, then led Ludwig towards a nearby café.</p>
<p>Based on Peng Deng’s occupation, they had already formulated a plan for making contact:</p>
<p>If they had money, they could buy a house, then go to the design company where Peng Deng worked for a consultation, using abilities like Hypnosis or Instigation to “designate” Peng Deng as their designer.</p>
<p>Then, they could discuss design ideas, concepts and styles with Peng Deng, and sign a contract, allowing them to repeatedly contact the target through follow-up activities like reviewing plans and visiting sites, gradually becoming familiar, and ultimately figuring out if he had any issues and what those issues were.</p>
<p>But unfortunately, they didn’t have that much money.</p>
<p>If they really had money to buy a house, wouldn’t it be simpler and more convenient to just rent the magic mirror Arrodes and ask it for detailed information about Peng Deng?</p>
<p>So Anthony only planned to execute the first half of the plan—fabricating the fact that he owned a house, using home renovation as an excuse to go for a consultation, using his Hypnosis ability to get the company boss to assign Peng Deng to talk to him, and finally leaving with the excuse of needing to think it over, without signing a contract.</p>
<p>If Anthony’s operation failed, encountering a situation where Peng Deng was unavailable or happened to be meeting a client, and he was assigned to a different designer, then Jenna would execute the second plan.</p>
<p>After entering the café with Ludwig, choosing a window seat, and ordering a cappuccino, a fruit juice, a small cake and a bunch of bread, Jenna looked at the little boy across from her and fell into deep thought, <em>Every time we need to carry out a probing mission, we have to switch who takes him along. It feels so troublesome…</em></p>
<p><em>He can certainly be very useful, but a child’s appearance, mentality and cognition mean he can’t act independently, and we’re not comfortable with that… not comfortable with the ordinary people of the dream city…</em></p>
<p><em>Should we find a way to get him into some elementary school, so he can attend classes? That way, we wouldn’t have to worry about him during the day, just pick him up when it’s time.</em></p>
<p>In Jenna’s silence, Ludwig suddenly had a bit of a bad premonition. At that moment, the small cake was brought over, and he immediately smiled, picking up the fork and spoon.</p>
<p>Jenna thought for a while, but still gave up on the idea of sending Ludwig to elementary school.</p>
<p>That wasn’t like going to cram school, which only took an hour and a half with breaks in between and parents waiting outside. He’d have to stay at school all day, and unless they gave Ludwig the Traveler’s Bag, there was really no way for him to carry enough food.</p>
<p><em>What would happen then, a classmate every two periods?</em></p>
<p>Meanwhile, Anthony saw Peng Deng enter the building.</p>
<p>After 9 o’clock, confirming that Peng Deng hadn’t left, he got out of the car, entered the building, took the elevator, and arrived at the design company called “Shengwei”.</p>
<p>Anthony said to the receptionist, “I called earlier to inquire and made an appointment.”</p>
<p>The receptionist checked the record book and led Anthony to a meeting room.</p>
<p>Soon after, the person in charge of the design company came over and chatted with Anthony for a bit, confirming the style he wanted.</p>
<p>During this process, Anthony deliberately mentioned Peng Deng, saying he had seen this designer’s works and actual results on the company’s public account and felt they matched his ideas well.</p>
<p>Undoubtedly, while saying this, Anthony looked into the eyes of the person in charge, using Hypnosis lightly. Earlier during the phone communication, he had also used psychological methods for guidance, though he couldn’t directly apply Hypnosis then.</p>
<p>“Please wait here, I’ll go get the designer,” the person in charge stood up and left the meeting room, while a staff member poured Anthony a glass of water and put out some fruit.</p>
<p>About ten minutes later, Anthony saw Peng Deng appear at the door.</p>
<p>Peng Deng had black hair and brown eyes, with an ordinary appearance. His hair was styled with some parts fluffed up, and he wore a black T-shirt with a trendy brand feel, carrying a laptop.</p>
<p>Anthony stood up calmly, not showing any unusual behavior.</p>
<p>After the company manager’s introduction, Anthony began chatting with Peng Deng, mainly describing his needs while Peng Deng listened and occasionally asked more in-depth questions to understand the details.</p>
<p>After Anthony finished speaking, Peng Deng operated a laptop and projector, saying, “I found a few images earlier, see if they match the feeling you want.”</p>
<p>Soon, Anthony saw an image: a modern-style living room, bright and clean with golden sunlight shining through the windows, a vase placed in just the right position with a bouquet of fresh flowers, and two oil paintings hanging on either side, depicting sparse, beautiful forests and lush green fields…</p>
<p>Anthony suddenly felt this was exactly what he wanted.</p>
<p>Peng Deng continued to show several more images, with styles similar to the previous one, and each seemed to perfectly match Anthony’s requirements.</p>
<p><em>He accurately grasped the vision I had in mind just based on the description over the phone and our face-to-face conversation? Isn’t this a bit special?</em> Anthony didn’t immediately express his thoughts, but continued discussing with Peng Deng how these images could be combined into a whole and the specific costs for the designer’s fee.</p>
<p>After chatting for a while longer, Anthony stood up and said, “I’ll think about it some more.”</p>
<p>“Alright.” Peng Deng didn’t try hard to persuade him, and escorted Anthony to the company entrance.</p>
<p>Anthony went downstairs, crossed the street, and passed by the café where Jenna and Ludwig were.</p>
<p>When the two parties met through the glass window, Anthony nodded slightly.</p>
<p>Then, he walked straight towards the rented gray sedan.</p>
<p>Jenna withdrew her gaze and continued watching Ludwig eat.</p>
<p>According to their prior agreement, she easily understood without needing to guess what Anthony’s nod just now meant: <em>I’ve met Peng Deng and made contact. Now, I need to self-isolate until dawn tomorrow to see if any abnormalities occur.</em></p>
<p><em>†</em></p>
<p>Tech Building, Intis Group, Administration Department.</p>
<p>After being busy for a while, Luo Shan started to slack off.</p>
<p>She picked up her phone and sent a message to True Hidden Blade: “Do I need to go hint at Zhou Mingrui about his own specialness?”</p>
<p>Franca, sitting in the workstation diagonally in front of Luo Shan, hesitated for a while before replying: “Not for now. Wait until my companion and I can no longer act, then you can do it.”</p>
<p>Franca was worried that if Luo Shan hinted too deeply, she would also encounter abnormalities. While she and her companions might be kicked out of the dream, dream characters might just die suddenly, or get hit and run over by a bus after work.</p>
<p>She preferred Luo Shan to only act as her assistant for now, cooperating with her to hint at Zhou Mingrui.</p>
<p>Luo Shan was about to say something more when Deputy Director Zhang Qing came out of his office, clapped his hands and said, “Mr. Huang will be coming over shortly, bringing that VIP from last time to continue touring the company…”</p>
<p>A rustling sound suddenly arose as many employees took out their makeup bags and makeup mirrors.</p>
<p><em>That VIP from last time?</em> Franca used her phone to ask Luo Shan: “Is it Zaratulstra?”</p>
<p>“It should be, he’s the only VIP recently, involved in the integration and merger of certain subsidiaries, as well as a big deal,” Luo Shan replied quickly. “What should we do next?”</p>
<p>She meant, should they let Zaratulstra come into contact with Zhou Mingrui?</p>
<p><em>Didn’t Lumian report Zaratulstra yesterday? The police station has no evidence and can’t restrict the foreign guest’s freedom for now? Zaratulstra just went to see Zhou Mingrui at the cram school yesterday, and now he’s coming to the company again today. What does he want to do? Ah, Lumian was right, passively dealing with things can easily lead to problems. It’s better to actively eliminate hidden dangers…</em> Franca looked at her phone, her thoughts racing quickly.</p>
<p>After nearly a minute, she replied to Luo Shan: “Stay calm; let me see the specific situation before deciding. You just need to cooperate with me.</p>
<p>“Don’t worry, with so many people in the company watching, Zaratulstra can’t do anything.”</p>
<p>If worse comes to worst, I’ll risk losing my job and pour a glass of water on Zaratulstra’s or Mr. Huang’s crotch!</p>
<p>Seeing that Luo Fu didn’t take out mirrors or put on makeup, several nearby employees withdrew their observing gazes, feeling relieved and focusing on themselves.</p>
<p>Soon after, the group chat reported Mr. Huang’s itinerary: “Mr. Huang has brought the VIP to the 16th floor!”</p>
<p>Tech Building, 16th floor.</p>
<p>Huang Tao, dressed casually, sat down with the formally dressed Zaratulstra in a room filled with various classical objects and opened a bottle of Aurmir red wine.</p>
<p>“You said you bought a very peculiar mirror?” Huang Tao continued their previous topic.</p>
<p>Zaratulstra smiled and said, “Yes, it possesses a kind of magic. It can let us see our inner selves.”</p>
<p>As he spoke, the old man’s deep blue, almost black eyes moved slightly, and he took out a small mirror with a classical design, luxurious style, and inlaid with gems from his suit pocket.</p>
<p>At this time, his and Huang Tao’s entourage had all been left outside the current room, with only a few security personnel guarding at the door, not approaching them.</p>
<p>“Look, this is how I appear in the mirror,” Zaratulstra placed the mirror in front of his face.</p>
<p>Huang Tao leaned in and saw that the reflection in the mirror was not the elderly Zaratulstra, but a man in his thirties with deep black hair and ordinary features.</p>
<p><em>Could it be a high-tech mirror with artificial intelligence?</em> Huang Tao mumbled based on his experience and understanding.</p>
<p>“Would you like to try?” Zaratulstra asked him.</p>
<p>“Sure.” Huang Tao took the mirror with interest, quietly checking if the item had any hidden switches and what material the mirror surface was made of.</p>
<p>He didn’t find any issues, so he brought the mirror up to his face with curiosity.</p>
<p>He then saw himself in the mirror.</p>
<p>It was completely different from what he had imagined.</p>
<p>The him in the mirror was a woman, wearing an ornate golden crown, with slightly curly chestnut hair, blue eyes, a high nose bridge, thin lips, and an alluring appearance with an indescribable charm.</p>
<p>Huang Tao was stunned, as if he had seen the anima in his heart.</p>
<hr />
<p>Lumian, who started his middle shift today, only needed to arrive at the company before 4:30 p.m.</p>
<p>Since late last night, he had been using the mirror world to sneak into a hospital called “Crimson Moon”, where Li Keji was currently being held.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
