<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch979.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-972-demonesss-method" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 972: Demoness’s Method</h2>
<p>“Treat An Xiaotian by finding a bestowed of the Great Mother through Lumian?” Franca’s thoughts began to wander, gradually becoming more far-fetched. “If that doesn’t work, then have An Xiaotian conceive a child, with the child replacing the father, becoming the father, and help that child grow rapidly, one day surpassing others’ ten years…”</p>
<p>Jenna remained silent for a few seconds before saying, “With everyone suppressed at Sequence 7, the Great Mother’s bestowed probably can’t make embryos form quickly or children grow rapidly. They’re even hoping to rely on the Child of God’s godhood to make Li Keji go through the pregnancy and childbirth process in one month.</p>
<p>“Moreover, if the Great Mother takes the opportunity to corrupt An Xiaotian or his child, symbolically speaking, the severity of the problem might not be less than the Celestial Worthy awakening.”</p>
<p>Franca sighed and replied, “Indeed, but there’s no other way. If we could wake An Xiaotian up and reshoot ‘The Great Pirate 3’, it might have unexpected effects.”</p>
<p>Jenna tersely acknowledged. “Madam Justice said that ever since An Xiaotian became a vegetable and ‘The Great Pirate 3’ changed its lead actor, the filming became normal. She suspects that from that moment on, the true goal this movie was meant to achieve was destined to fail.</p>
<p>“Unfortunately, at present, there’s no hope of An Xiaotian waking up, and we can’t find anyone more suitable to play Gehrman Sparrow.”</p>
<p>Franca opened her mouth, showing a thoughtful expression. “Actually, there’s a better candidate, someone more suitable than An Xiaotian to play Gehrman Sparrow.”</p>
<p>“Who?” Jenna asked in surprise.</p>
<p><em>The Major Arcana card holders hadn’t discovered such a person?</em></p>
<p>Franca’s eyes curved slightly as she smiled. “Zhou Mingrui.”</p>
<p>“…” Jenna felt a bit stupid.</p>
<p><em>Is that even allowed?</em></p>
<p><em>What would you call this? Having Zhou Mingrui play Zhou Mingrui, letting Zhou Mingrui awaken Zhou Mingrui!</em></p>
<p>Franca said seriously, “If Zhou Mingrui plays Gehrman Sparrow, he could relive the life he’s forgotten during the filming process. He might actually remember something and eventually immerse himself in the role, becoming one with the character. Wouldn’t that be equivalent to The World awakening?”</p>
<p>At this point, Franca smacked her lips. “But the difficulty is too high. We don’t have the money to reshoot ‘The Great Pirate 3’, nor can we convince Hall Film Company. If they were to shoot anything, it would be ‘The Great Pirate 4’, not Gehrman Sparrow’s maritime adventure story.</p>
<p>“Even if you became a top star in the entertainment industry and actively proposed reshooting this movie, and even if someone invested, convincing Zhou Mingrui to film would be extremely difficult. Not to mention his personal willingness, I estimate that as soon as the invitation is extended, the relevant person would be kicked out of the dream. Whoever dares to discuss this matter would be kicked out.”</p>
<p>“This can be considered as an alternative plan for future awakening actions…” Jenna felt a headache coming on as she thought about the troubles Franca mentioned.</p>
<p>Franca nodded thoughtfully. “Correspondingly, Zhou Mingrui’s memories don’t seem to be erased. As long as he knows about being asked to film ‘The Great Pirate 3’ and is interested and willing to try, the Celestial Worthy probably can’t directly prevent it. For this, we can sacrifice multiple members’ chances to enter the dream multiple times…”</p>
<p>At this point, Franca suddenly smiled. “What do you call this? It’s called ‘For the sake of saving the world, please debut Mr. Fool!’”</p>
<p>“The Celestial Worthy might not be able to directly prevent it, but subsequently, there might be incidents like the director having a car accident, the film crew experiencing a fire, or the female lead’s reputation collapsing, preventing ‘The Great Pirate 3’ from even entering the filming process,” Jenna calmly reminded.</p>
<p>Franca sighed. “I know, this is just proposing an idea. We’ll see if it’s feasible later.”</p>
<hr />
<p>The next afternoon, in the administrative department of the Tech Building.</p>
<p>Franca was busy making charts when she suddenly saw Luo Shan, who had just been called to the HR department, return with a dejected and confused expression.</p>
<p>“What’s wrong?” Franca stopped typing.</p>
<p>Luo Shan spoke as if in a dream. “They want to fire me.</p>
<p>“HR said that Mr. Huang passed by earlier, saw me slacking off, and got very angry. He plans to fire me directly…</p>
<p>“I-I haven’t even finished paying off my mortgage…”</p>
<p><em>What kind of reason is this? There are at least seventeen or eighteen people in the administrative department who slack off more than Luo Shan, why fire only her?</em> Franca’s first reaction was to help Luo Shan seek justice.</p>
<p>Her second reaction was: <em>Dammit, is this Mr. Huang’s purge of Zhou Mingrui’s friends?</em></p>
<p><em>Has the mirrored Roselle completed initial control over Mr. Huang?</em></p>
<p><em>Has Zaratulstra targeted Luo Shan because of her previous warning to Zhou Mingrui?</em></p>
<p><em>If Luo Shan doesn’t commute with me, the Mirror Substitution won’t be able to work, unless Jenna follows her all the time, but Jenna might soon receive a contract from Hall Film Company…</em></p>
<p><em>This way, Luo Shan would be in danger…</em></p>
<p>Before Franca could comfort Luo Shan and think of a countermeasure, she heard her phone vibrate.</p>
<p>She picked it up and saw it was a friend request on WeChat.</p>
<p>The requester was: “Bernadette.”</p>
<p><em>Queen Mystic has arrived? Talk about a stroke of luck!</em> Franca quickly accepted the request, then said to Luo Shan, “Don’t worry, there aren’t many people working in the administrative department anyway. When Mr. Ed comes, you can plead your case to him, and he should be able to persuade Mr. Huang.</p>
<p>“If that doesn’t work, try to negotiate for higher severance pay.”</p>
<p><em>And I will seek justice for you from Miss Huang!</em></p>
<p>“Mm-hmm.” Luo Shan walked back to her desk, dejectedly waiting for Mr. Ed to appear.</p>
<p>Meanwhile, Franca received a message from Bernadette: “Come to Room 101 on the 8th floor.”</p>
<p><em>8th floor? That doesn’t belong to any of the Intis Group companies… However, according to Lumian’s interpretation, the companies on those floors symbolize the erosion and influence of different secret organizations and evil god cults on Intis, including Queen Mystic’s Element Dawn…</em> Franca stood up, didn’t say anything to Deputy Director Zhang Qing, and used going to the bathroom as an excuse to leave the administrative department and take the elevator down to the 8th floor.</p>
<p>Half of the 8th floor belonged to Dawn Children’s Publishing Company. The receptionist didn’t even glance at Franca, allowing her to enter.</p>
<p>Franca found that the facial recognition access control wasn’t activated, and no employees came out along the way, allowing her to easily reach Room 101.</p>
<p>Bernie Huang, wearing a spaghetti strap top with fringes at the hem and long jeans, sat in the sofa area, exuding a youthful aura.</p>
<p><em>This is the college student version of Queen Mystic…</em> Franca walked over, greeted her, and sat down.</p>
<p>“What happened?” Bernie Huang’s demeanor and posture were different from that of a college student.</p>
<p>Franca recounted how Mr. Huang seemed to be able to sense the gaze from within the mirror, how the mirrored Roselle in the real world appeared to be missing, and how Zaratulstra had been spending several hours with Mr. Huang every day recently.</p>
<p>Finally, she mentioned the trouble Luo Shan had encountered.</p>
<p>Bernie Huang listened quietly, then nodded gently.</p>
<p>“Regarding my father, I will observe and probe. This will take some time, maybe a few days, maybe a week or two.</p>
<p>“As for Luo Shan’s problem, you’ll have to solve it yourselves. If I intervene on Luo Shan’s behalf, it could easily expose my connection with you.</p>
<p>“If you can resolve Luo Shan’s trouble, at least prevent her from entering the handover process for a week, I’ll give you a reward.”</p>
<p><em>Isn’t this our business? Why are you still paying me as a reward? It’s me asking for your help, not you asking for mine…</em> Franca instantly recalled the Star Dream Provisions Store incident and roughly understood that Queen Mystic was finding reasons and excuses to give money to her and the others.</p>
<p>“Alright,” Franca agreed immediately.</p>
<p>After leaving Room 101, on her way back upstairs, she seriously considered how to prevent Luo Shan from being fired.</p>
<p><em>Instigate Mr. Ed to plead on her behalf? That only has a certain chance of success…</em></p>
<p><em>Make Mr. Huang’s decision to fire Luo Shan disappear? I can’t do that, but I can find a way to delay it for a few days…</em></p>
<p><em>Pursue both approaches simultaneously…</em></p>
<p>Franca, always capable of thinking out of the box, took out her phone and told Lumian her ideas and the potential aftermath issues.</p>
<p>Soon, she received a reply from The Idiot: “Plausible.”</p>
<p>Franca immediately deleted the chat history using the Information Shredder and then returned to the administrative department.</p>
<p>When Mr. Ed entered his office, she stood up and accompanied Luo Shan to plead their case, spreading mystical pathogens along the way.</p>
<p>Yes, she was going to spread a disease.</p>
<p>She chose mystical pathogens that gave people a chance to get some sick leave, something they could recover quickly upon returning home!</p>
<p>Mystical pathogens that caused stomach flu!</p>
<p>After nearly ten minutes, Franca discreetly Instigated Mr. Ed, making him agree to plead on Luo Shan’s behalf.</p>
<p>After the two left the director’s office, they saw many colleagues looking pale, vomiting into nearby trash cans, while others rushed to the bathrooms on different floors.</p>
<p>“What’s wrong?” Luo Shan asked a colleague with concern.</p>
<p>The male colleague, holding his stomach, said, “I don’t know, everyone suddenly started vomiting and having diarrhea. Could it be food poisoning?”</p>
<p>Seeing this, Franca urgently called the police and dialed the emergency number for Crimson Moon Hospital.</p>
<p>While the administrative department staff waited for the ambulances and other department staff came to help, Franca covered her mouth and started dry heaving.</p>
<p>“I’ve been affected too…” she said to Luo Shan.</p>
<p>Luo Shan assessed her own physical condition. “I feel it a little, but I’m okay.”</p>
<p>Soon, ambulances from Crimson Moon Hospital arrived and took the affected administrative department staff to the hospital.</p>
<p>The entire administrative department was suddenly left with only four people, one of whom was Luo Shan.</p>
<p>Mr. Ed looked at Luo Shan, his expression grave, and said, “You hold down the fort for now. Don’t worry about the firing.”</p>
<p>“Okay.” Luo Shan was both confused and bewildered.</p>
<p>From earlier, Lumian, as a security guard, had been running up and down, helping the administrative department staff go to Crimson Moon Hospital.</p>
<p>During this process, he found an opportunity to get close to Franca, and they exchanged a glance.</p>
<p>As agreed, Lumian spread the mystical pathogen causing stomach flu to Franca, in case she went to the hospital later and nothing was found, making her a suspect.</p>
<p>“How did they get food poisoning?” Old Xia looked at the departing vehicles and asked confusedly, “Everyone ate at the same cafeteria, didn’t they? Did they order some unclean takeout?”</p>
<p>“Who knows,” Lumian said as he turned to walk back, receiving a message from Franca.</p>
<p>The message read: “You can go check out the administrative department. Those who can still maintain some health and continue working are likely to be Beyonders, like Luo Shan.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
