<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch972.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-965-experimenting-again" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 965: Experimenting Again</h2>
<p>Lumian hid behind a mirror-like object on the corridor wall, gazing at Li Keji’s hospital room through the hard barrier.</p>
<p>He had maintained this position for many hours, only occasionally adjusting to relax.</p>
<p>He had waited all night but hadn’t seen Zaratulstra or other subordinates of the Celestial Worthy come to eliminate Li Keji.</p>
<p>After an unknown amount of time, as sunlight shone in from the other end of the corridor, different rooms in the psychiatric ward gradually became lively. Someone was singing loudly, someone was banging on doors, someone was knocking on something unknown, as if calling for breakfast.</p>
<p>At this moment, Lumian saw a large amount of milky white liquid surge out from the gap between Li Keji’s hospital room door and the solid floor.</p>
<p><em>Milk?</em> Lumian’s gaze froze slightly.</p>
<p>A second later, he found that the milky white liquid, which seemed to be milk, receded like a tide back into Li Keji’s hospital room. The floor became clean again, with only varying degrees of wet traces remaining.</p>
<p>Lumian watched silently.</p>
<p>A few minutes later, with his eagle-like vision, he felt that there seemed to be something indescribable at the doorway of the hospital room.</p>
<p>He carefully pressed his face against the mirror surface, penetrating out slightly.</p>
<p>The scene before his eyes instantly lost its mirrored feel, becoming clearer.</p>
<p>He then saw some small, distinct white lines, and noticed finer, less obvious white filaments around them.</p>
<p>These things as a whole looked like intersecting, much thinner snowflakes, or as if countless white fuzz were mixed together.</p>
<p>Compared to the spider silk of Demonesses, they were all opaque, tinted with color, and could still be discovered upon careful observation.</p>
<p><em>Mycelium?</em> Lumian made a guess.</p>
<p>This was based on speculation about Li Keji’s own special nature.</p>
<p>After a few seconds, these mycelium uniformly retracted, passing through the door gap and disappearing into the corridor.</p>
<p>A scene spontaneously emerged in Lumian’s mind: a strangely shaped giant mushroom man, no, a giant mushroom, walking to the door, carefully extending its mycelium—its goals unknown.</p>
<p>Lumian fell silent once again.</p>
<p>He seriously pondered a question, <em>Is letting Zaratulstra and other subordinates of the Celestial Worthy eliminate Li Keji ultimately a bad thing or a good thing…</em></p>
<p><em>As long as they are prevented from taking Li Keji’s corpse to the basement of Mushu Hospital and using the Mother’s power to give him new life, the whole thing doesn’t seem that unacceptable…</em></p>
<p><em>Hmm, Frank Lee’s mushrooms in the dream city seemed to have overlapped with Mr. Fool’s idealistic cognition, becoming more terrifying and bizarre than in reality. If they lost control later, who knows which side it would benefit…</em></p>
<p><em>No, no, no, fire is also dangerous, but fire can be exploited…</em></p>
<p><em>This guy is suitable to be confined in a psychiatric ward, to be released when needed, or to borrow a few mushrooms with unique functions…</em></p>
<p><em>Can a psychiatric ward really contain him? Should he be helped to enter prison, to be controlled by the officials representing the dream’s main consciousness?</em></p>
<p><em>But if so, it would be very troublesome for us to utilize him, and moreover, he doesn’t look like someone without mental problems in any way. Franca had explained before that in the dream city, such mentally ill patients don’t need to go to prison, they just need to receive prolonged treatment in a mental hospital…</em></p>
<p>Lumian withdrew his face, distancing himself from the mirror surface.</p>
<p>At 10 a.m., he saw Huang Jiajia, Bernie Huang, accompanied by a lawyer, Officer Deng, and a doctor in a white coat enter this ward.</p>
<p>Only then did he feel relieved. He traversed to the rear-view mirror of a car in the underground parking lot, jumped out, and directly teleported back to the rented apartment in Xinhong District.</p>
<p>At this time, Anthony was in self-isolation, Ludwig had been taken away by Jenna, and Lumian casually ate some bread before preparing to lie down on the bed to catch up on sleep.</p>
<p>Just as he had lain down, he felt his phone vibrate once.</p>
<p>The message was from True Hidden Blade: “Zaratulstra has come to visit the group again, now on the 16th floor, hasn’t come down yet.”</p>
<p><em>Zaratulstra wasn’t affected by the tip-off letter? Does the tip-off letter need evidence, otherwise the police would have to investigate for a while, obtain sufficient evidence before they can arrest a foreign guest? Zaratulstra is still very cautious, and the identity of a foreign guest is also very clever…</em> Lumian sat on the bed, pondered and analyzed for a while before replying to Franca: “No need to interfere with Zaratulstra’s visit, but remind Zhou Mingrui to be careful through Luo Shan.”</p>
<p><em>†</em></p>
<p>Inside the Administration Department of Intis Group.</p>
<p>Franca sent a message to Luo Shan: “If that guy comes to visit the tech department later, remember to warn Zhou Mingrui to be careful about safety.</p>
<p>“No rush for now, what if the enemy chooses to visit other departments or other subsidiaries? Warning Zhou Mingrui in advance would plunge him into endless suspicion, guarding against everyone around him, which would greatly affect his mental state in the long run.”</p>
<p>Luo Shan replied with a “nodding cat” emoji.</p>
<p>To their surprise, Mr. Huang didn’t bring Zaratulstra down for a tour, the two stayed on the 16th floor until noon before leaving via the private elevator.</p>
<p>“Alert lifted, the enemy didn’t contact the target, so Luo Shan didn’t give any reminder.” Franca reported the situation to Lumian during lunch break.</p>
<p>Lumian quickly replied: “Then I’ll carry out the step of hinting at Zhou Mingrui about the existence of supernatural powers this afternoon, and be a bit more aggressive. You, Jenna, and Anthony, from now on, don’t contact me, delete the chat history, even my WeChat and QQ numbers, and add them back tomorrow afternoon.”</p>
<p>“Won’t this get mixed up with the results of Anthony’s probe of Peng Deng? If he gets kicked out, we might have trouble distinguishing if it’s Peng Deng’s problem or something related to your side.” Franca raised a detailed question.</p>
<p>“It won’t, we isolated from each other last night, our experimental results won’t affect each other.” Lumian had made preparations yesterday.</p>
<p>Since Franca’s consciousness returned to the body of “Luo Fu”, he had started preparing.</p>
<p>At 4 p.m., Lumian arrived at Intis Group early and enjoyed an early dinner.</p>
<p>Then, he and Old Xia took over from their colleagues and started patrolling the floors.</p>
<p>After completing this task, they replaced colleagues who were rushing to the cafeteria and started monitoring the surveillance.</p>
<p>Lumian seemed to be observing the situation on different floors, but his attention was entirely on the internal parts of Intis Group, on that area of the 10th floor.</p>
<p>Finally, he saw Zhou Mingrui leave his workstation, walk out of the tech department, and head towards the public restroom in the middle of the corridor.</p>
<p>Lumian stood up abruptly, clutching his stomach and said to Old Xia, “The food was too spicy just now, I need to go to the bathroom.”</p>
<p>Without waiting for Old Xia’s response, he left the surveillance room directly.</p>
<p>Old Xia turned to look at his back and said almost inaudibly, “He’s only been working for a week and already learned to take a shit break?”</p>
<p>In the corridor, Lumian avoided two security personnel coming out of the elevator area, turned into the stairwell, merged into the shadows, and quickly went down.</p>
<p>In less than thirty seconds, he reached the 10th floor.</p>
<p>Then, pretending to be checking a problem he had discovered during his earlier floor patrol, he openly entered the corridor between the Administration Department and Technology Department, arriving outside the restroom.</p>
<p>He looked left and right, then quickly walked into the men’s side with small steps.</p>
<p>At this time, Zhou Mingrui was washing his hands at the sink.</p>
<p>Lumian glanced inside the restroom, confirming that no one was at the urinals, and one of the four stalls seemed to be locked.</p>
<p>Zhou Mingrui turned around and just saw him.</p>
<p>Lumian took out a lighter and smiled.</p>
<p>His thumb repeatedly pressed virtually above the lighter, not touching it, yet the lighter produced a series of crimson red flames.</p>
<p>Seeing this, Zhou Mingrui, who already had doubts, instantly became mentally tense.</p>
<p><em>Is this supernatural power or some kind of magic trick?</em></p>
<p>Lumian stepped back twice, pressing his other hand on the edge of the men’s restroom door frame, quietly activating a black mark on his body.</p>
<p>Bottle of Fiction!</p>
<p>He isolated the area of the sink from the rest of the bathroom and the space outside.</p>
<p>Lumian looked at Zhou Mingrui, who seemed ready to lash out at any moment, and smiled slightly. “I’ve drunk a beverage called ‘Hunter’.”</p>
<p><em>You really do have issues…</em> Zhou Mingrui’s eyes narrowed imperceptibly, his doubts and worries of many days finally becoming reality.</p>
<p>Lumian turned his head to glance towards the urinals. “I came to you to warn you. Be careful of that foreign guest called Zaratulstra.”</p>
<p><em>Zaratulstra…</em> Zhou Mingrui had a deep impression of this long name.</p>
<p>He had once been assigned by Mr. Huang as a technical person to receive Zaratulstra, and was responsible for being the interpreter and explainer, but the other party either had a mechanical failure with their flight or encountered severe weather, so he never managed to receive him.</p>
<p>Later, he got sick and took leave after listening to a song, missing Zaratulstra’s first visit to the company.</p>
<p>After that, he had seen the group’s publicity, knowing what Zaratulstra looked like from videos and photos.</p>
<p>Reminded by Lumian, Zhou Mingrui suddenly remembered that the old man standing at the door of the Business English class before Luo Shan warned him to be careful yesterday seemed to be Zaratulstra.</p>
<p><em>Was Luo Shan’s warning also pointing to Zaratulstra?</em></p>
<p><em>How did she know Zaratulstra was visiting Dream Tutoring Classes?</em></p>
<p><em>Right, Li Ming was there yesterday…</em></p>
<p><em>Are Li Ming and Luo Shan in cahoots?</em></p>
<p><em>Luo Fu joined only one day later than Li Ming…</em></p>
<p>As these thoughts flashed through Zhou Mingrui’s mind, Lumian offered no explanation, lifted the Bottle of Fiction, and walked out of the men’s restroom.</p>
<p>Zhou Mingrui looked at his back, suddenly feeling that the hidden currents around him were much more fierce and exaggerated than he had imagined.</p>
<hr />
<p>After another round of floor patrol, Lumian stood at the office window, watching as the last golden-red glow of the sunset was swallowed by darkness.</p>
<p>Night had officially arrived.</p>
<p>By this time, Luo Shan, Luo Fu, and Zhou Mingrui had all gotten off work, with the latter having left just a few minutes ago.</p>
<p>Lumian looked at the brightly lit buildings, slightly raising his chin and curling the corners of his mouth, waiting for the possible “exile”.</p>
<p>This time, if he was kicked out of the dream, Zaratulstra probably wouldn’t be spared either.</p>
<p>A one-for-one exchange was worth it!</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
