<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch970.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-963-midnight" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 963: Midnight</h2>
<p>Lumian had seen in the information provided by the Major Arcana card holders that the original character for Police Chief Yagates of Police Station No. 1 should be Madam Magician’s teacher, the Grand Duke of the Tudor Empire, the strongest King of Angels of the Fourth Epoch, Mr. Door Bethel Abraham.</p>
<p>Within this introduction, there was a very important conjecture: suspected to be the dream symbol of the Uniqueness of the Apprentice pathway.</p>
<p>Similarly, the Major Arcana card holders speculated that the active Amon in the dream was a symbol of the Uniqueness of the Marauder pathway, but often also the original body.</p>
<p>This was because Amon was once the true god of the Marauder pathway, occupying the Uniqueness of this pathway for thousands of years, leaving a strong spiritual imprint in the corresponding Uniqueness. It could even be said that for a long time before, He was equivalent to the Uniqueness of the Marauder pathway.</p>
<p>Therefore, before Amon’s spiritual imprint in the Uniqueness of the Marauder pathway was completely worn away, Amon had a very close connection with this Uniqueness. He could use this to freely enter and exit this dream city. Even if discovered by the Celestial Worthy and kicked out, He could re-enter without limit.</p>
<p>The Uniqueness of the Major Arcana card holder pathway was part of this true dream, equivalent to Amon also being part of it. If the Celestial Worthy wanted to prevent Amon from re-entering, or to impose comprehensive restrictions on Him so He couldn’t do anything, according to the Major Arcana’s speculation, there were only three ways:</p>
<p>First, remove the Uniqueness of the Marauder pathway by separating it. Second, quickly wear away Amon’s spiritual imprint in that Uniqueness. Third, reach an agreement with Mr. Fool to jointly reject Amon.</p>
<p>Obviously, none of these three methods were feasible—the seemingly most feasible second method had a prerequisite that the Celestial Worthy had a great advantage in the dream, almost half-awakened. Otherwise, in a sleeping state, in fierce opposition with Mr. Fool, even if He was a great existence, it was impossible to wear away Amon’s spiritual imprint in the Marauder Uniqueness in a short time.</p>
<p>Of course, Amon would still be restricted in the dream city. As for what kind of restrictions, the Major Arcana card holders didn’t know, they could only infer from Amon’s behavior that He wasn’t completely unrestricted.</p>
<p>Similarly, Mr. Door’s spiritual imprint also remained in the Uniqueness of the Apprentice pathway, forming the dream manifestation of Yagates.</p>
<p>Although the Uniqueness of the Apprentice pathway had once been accommodated by Amon, making Him a dual-pathway true god, Amon stayed at this level for a very short time, obviously unable to completely wear away Mr. Door’s spiritual imprint.</p>
<p>As soon as Lumian withdrew his body, he immediately disappeared from the spot, traversing towards another mirror, leaving only a few black flames quietly falling, burning away any traces he might have left.</p>
<p>That was the symbol of the Uniqueness of the Door pathway, certainly having some control over the mirror world. Staying behind the current mirror would inevitably lead to exposure!</p>
<p>A second or two later, Lumian transferred to the second target location.</p>
<p><em>The dream manifestation of the Apprentice pathway Uniqueness is Yagates, the dream manifestation of the Marauder pathway Uniqueness is Amon… is the dream manifestation of the Seer pathway Uniqueness Zhou Mingrui, also the core that Mr. Fool and the Celestial Worthy are fighting over?</em> Lumian thought while concealing his form, hiding in the darkness.</p>
<p>He patiently waited for a while, making sure no one was tracking him, before approaching the glass mirror surface to peek outside.</p>
<p>Outside was also an office, currently unoccupied.</p>
<p>This was Officer Deng’s office.</p>
<p>Lumian took out a tip-off letter, making it “float” up.</p>
<p>The letter then flew out of the mirror surface, falling towards Officer Deng’s desk.</p>
<p>Just as it touched the wooden desktop, a streak of black flame suddenly extended from the mirror, quickly burning towards it, illuminating the invisible spider silk that bound it tightly.</p>
<p>The black flames enveloped the letter, burning away residual traces and some of the spider silk, while the remaining silk retracted behind the mirror.</p>
<p>Lumian changed his position once again, traversing to the third mirror.</p>
<p>Outside was still an office, belonging to another police officer, William Wang.</p>
<p>He was a very powerful police officer, corresponding to the real-life figure of the former king of the Loen Kingdom, William Augustus VI, a deceased person.</p>
<p>The Major Arcana card holders were actually a bit confused. Mr. Fool’s incarnations walking in the world had no intersection with William Augustus VI, so why did this deceased king have a corresponding manifestation in the dream city?</p>
<p>Similar situations included William Augustus I, Henry Augustus I, and other ancestors of the Augustus family who were “active” in the police station or court of the dream city, surnamed Wang—the same character for “king.”</p>
<p>The Major Arcana card holders could only assume that Mr. Fool had many very ancient incarnations.</p>
<p>Perhaps because the police were in a meeting or on a mission, William Wang’s office was also empty. Lumian successfully placed the tip-off letter, then randomly went to another office through the mirror world, dropped the last letter, without risking going to Yagates’ place again.</p>
<p>Then, he returned to Star Dream Provisions Store, coming out from the mirror area corresponding to the magic mirror Arrodes.</p>
<p>“Can I borrow paper and pen again?” Lumian walked to the cashier and asked politely.</p>
<p>The shopkeeper put the paper and pen used for writing earlier on the counter.</p>
<p>Lumian began to write a letter to the Major Arcana card holders, with three main points:</p>
<p>First, to remind the Major Arcana card holders to pay attention to Rozanne in reality and provide necessary protection. Second, to ask them to confirm Anderson Hood’s real situation. Third, to report the news of Li Keji being arrested.</p>
<p>After mailing the letter and expressing thanks, Lumian returned to the gray sedan.</p>
<p>Anthony and Ludwig had already returned.</p>
<p>Before Anthony started the car, Lumian briefly explained the possible identity of Stiano.</p>
<p>Anthony was silent for a moment, then started the car and said with a sigh, “Even gods were once weak, even gods went through stages like us… This truly is the path of the divine, it makes me feel that gods are no longer so unattainable, no longer naturally noble, naturally gods…”</p>
<p>“Disenchantment?” Lumian asked using the newly learned term.</p>
<p>Anthony turned the steering wheel and said, “But They are indeed fighting against evil gods, protecting the people…</p>
<p>“I remember in the industrial cities along the West Midseashire Coast, those robed clergy would regularly go to factories to hold ceremonies. Now it seems more like packaging major factory inspections, formal use of new machines, clergy getting close to front-line machines and other things into sacred rituals…”</p>
<p>Anthony rambled on about religious stories he heard as a child and religious ceremonies he experienced as he grew up. Lumian listened quietly, occasionally echoing with a word or two.</p>
<hr />
<p>Dechang Garden, Building 5, Room 1502.</p>
<p>Luo Shan was very happy to find that Franca had returned to normal.</p>
<p>She curiously asked, “What did it feel like at that time?”</p>
<p>“I couldn’t breathe, like a fish pulled out of water, a person kicked out of this world.” Franca described it simply, without mentioning parts that might make Luo Shan think of dreams.</p>
<p>Jenna then said, “You need to be careful recently. The minions of evil forces are also trying to get close to Zhou Mingrui and deal with people who have directly or indirectly helped Zhou Mingrui. We’re worried they might target you.”</p>
<p>“Mm-hmm.” Luo Shan pointed to the new oil painting and new sketch hanging on the wall, “I’ve already turned my room into a fortress, they will guard me while I sleep.”</p>
<p>Franca and Jenna looked in the direction Luo Shan was pointing, seeing an oil painting of a colorful parrot.</p>
<p>Around the parrot were abstract, mottled color blocks, and its eyes deliberately turned when Franca and the others looked over, as if saying “Hi, I’m alive!”</p>
<p>After looking at the paintings in the living room and bedroom, Jenna nodded and said,</p>
<p>“A Painter’s ability is indeed magical.</p>
<p>“However, if you trust us, we can provide you with the ultimate safety guarantee.”</p>
<p>“How?” Luo Shan asked.</p>
<p>Jenna didn’t hide anything.</p>
<p>“Give us a small amount of blood and hair, we’ll make a Mirror Substitution for you. Um, the straight-line distance between our two rooms barely qualifies within the effective range of this ability, and we can bring us closer in your Shaman space to ensure effectiveness.</p>
<p>“But this also means that we can easily and accurately curse you, kill you with that Mirror Substitution.”</p>
<p>Luo Shan fell silent.</p>
<p>After a good while, she smiled. “We can try. If you really want to kill me, you’ve had many opportunities these past few days.”</p>
<p>Close to midnight, Luo Shan, who had already washed up, checked the doors, windows, and those paintings before lying down on the bed and turning off the lights.</p>
<p>In the deep darkness, Luo Shan quickly fell asleep, continuing to guard that semi-transparent barrier.</p>
<p>As time ticked by minute by minute, in the parrot oil painting in the living room, those mottled color blocks suddenly began to squirm.</p>
<p>The colorful parrot noticed this change and was about to cry out loudly, but was surged over by those color blocks, covering its mouth and pressing down its wings.</p>
<p>Soon, the colorful parrot was submerged and dissolved by these color blocks, becoming part of them.</p>
<p>These color blocks flowed out of the oil painting like water, leaving the canvas empty.</p>
<p>They surged towards the bedroom in the quiet night, passing through the door crack, coming to Luo Shan’s bedside.</p>
<p>Suddenly, this water flow composed of color blocks surged upwards, taking a human form.</p>
<p>The colorful human form quietly looked at the sleeping Luo Shan for twenty to thirty seconds.</p>
<p>Finally, it turned back into a water flow composed of color blocks, returning along its original path to the oil painting in the living room.</p>
<p>The color blocks squirmed, reconstructing the colorful parrot and the surrounding background.</p>
<p>The parrot was identical to before, its eyes still lively.</p>
<p>The next morning, Luo Shan woke up.</p>
<p>She first picked up her phone to check messages, then slowly got up and checked the situation in the bedroom and living room.</p>
<p>“No problems.” Luo Shan breathed a sigh of relief and walked towards the bathroom.</p>
<hr />
<p>After parting with Franca and Luo Shan, Jenna went out to observe those dream characters who were relatively close to Zhou Mingrui.</p>
<p>This was her and Anthony’s recent task.</p>
<p>Of course, she had already submitted her profile to Hall Film Company as a performing arts student.</p>
<p>And today, she or Anthony would go to contact Peng Deng, a very special dream character.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
