<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch975.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-968-the-actor" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 968: The Actor</h2>
<p>Hall Film Company, Talent Department.</p>
<p>Today, Jenna hadn’t applied extravagant makeup, nor had she deliberately made herself look ugly. She simply maintained her natural “coloring” as a local with black hair and brown eyes, with softer facial features. She was simple and fresh, fully displaying her natural beauty and feminine charm, causing many passing employees and fellow interviewees to turn their heads.</p>
<p>“Next, Jian Na,” called out the employee at the conference room door.</p>
<p>Jenna stood up, recalling the education she had received at the Théâtre de l’Ancienne Cage à Pigeons, and walked in gracefully.</p>
<p>The four interviewers, two men and two women, who were writing and drawing, looked up at the sound of her greeting. Their eyes all lit up, though with subtle differences in emotion.</p>
<p>“Jian Na, graduated from the Performance Department of the National Drama Academy?” One of the female interviewers read out Jenna’s educational background.</p>
<p>This was the identity that Madam Justice had crafted for Jenna. As far as Jenna knew, Madam Justice’s corresponding image in the dream was Holly, the actual executive of Hall Film Company and the producer of “The Great Pirate 3”.</p>
<p>In other words, she was the boss of these interviewers present.</p>
<p>And Hall Film Company was just a non-core industry under the Hall Group, whose foundation was various banks. In the dream city, its financial power was second only to the Intis Group.</p>
<p>“Yes.” Jenna didn’t hide her pleasant voice.</p>
<p>After the interviewers asked various questions, the initial interviewer drew out a card and handed it to Jenna.</p>
<p>“Please perform a segment according to the requirements on this.”</p>
<p>Seeing Jenna’s clear and beautiful appearance and clean aura, this interviewer deliberately chose a performance themed around “coquettishness” to test her.</p>
<p>Jenna took the card, but before she could read the topic, she heard the interviewer add, “You can’t put on makeup or change clothes on the spot. You need to present the content of the topic through your own performance.”</p>
<p>Jenna wasn’t nervous at all, but rather slightly excited.</p>
<p>As an apprentice at the Théâtre de l’Ancienne Cage à Pigeons, she had dreamed of such performance opportunities countless times.</p>
<p>She lowered her head to look at the topic and couldn’t help but smile.</p>
<p>She had life experience in being “coquettish”.</p>
<p>When Jenna raised her head, her eyes were already passionate and bold, as if hiding thousands of words.</p>
<p>The Showy Diva was back on stage!</p>
<p>As her gaze swept over them, both male and female examiners inexplicably felt their hearts tremble.</p>
<p>Halfway through Jenna’s performance, some examiners had already started drinking water.</p>
<p><em>I haven’t even used Charm yet…</em> Jenna was proud of her performance.</p>
<p>She hadn’t even made any overly vulgar movements.</p>
<p>“Phew…” An interviewer involuntarily let out a breath as Jenna finished her performance.</p>
<p>She asked, “Do you have a boyfriend?”</p>
<p>“Yes,” Jenna answered promptly, but didn’t mention that she also had a child.</p>
<p>It wasn’t mentioned in her resume either. After all, Ludwig’s household registration was with Lumian, and she and Lumian weren’t married. Unless the Hall Film Company hired private detectives to investigate deeply, they definitely wouldn’t find out.</p>
<p>The interviewers couldn’t help but exchange glances.</p>
<p><em>What a great talent, possibly the kind that could outshine others in the future. Why would she already have a boyfriend?</em></p>
<p><em>Girl, wake up! You’re too young to be in love!</em></p>
<p><em>Never mind, once she enters the industry and sees what real luxury is, she’ll quickly break up with her previous boyfriend. Before that, just make sure to keep it confidential.</em></p>
<p>The initial female interviewer withdrew her gaze from her colleagues and said to Jenna,</p>
<p>“We’ll get back to you with an answer soon. Um, try not to leave the city for the next three days.”</p>
<p>“Alright,” Jenna bowed and left the meeting room.</p>
<p>Since this was in the Talent Department, where one might run into big-name stars at any time, there were dedicated staff to escort her out to prevent wandering and unauthorized photos.</p>
<p>The young woman escorting Jenna out of the Talent Department saw that this interviewee was not only beautiful but also had a unique kind of beauty, with great potential to become a big star in the future. Wanting to build a relationship, she started introducing which office belonged to who, and which area was exclusive to whom…</p>
<p>Jenna was also very interested in this, because Lumian had reminded her to “pay attention to the actor playing Gehrman Sparrow, see if there’s anything special about him”.</p>
<p>The two chatted happily as they slowly walked towards the exit of the Talent Department.</p>
<p>At this moment, several people came in from outside, led by someone wearing sunglasses, about 1.8 meters tall.</p>
<p>Having already entered the Talent Department, this person took off his sunglasses, revealing a face that Jenna found somewhat familiar.</p>
<p>He looked about 30% similar to Zhou Mingrui, with a smaller head, more delicate features, and more pronounced contours. If Jenna hadn’t been specifically looking for traces of Zhou Mingrui on his face, she probably wouldn’t have noticed the resemblance.</p>
<p>This was the actor playing Gehrman Sparrow, a mixed-race man named Jia Yu.</p>
<p>Jenna withdrew her gaze with some disappointment.</p>
<p>If Jia Yu himself had looked 60-70% similar to the Gehrman Sparrow he played, or very close to Zhou Mingrui, relying on makeup to become Gehrman Sparrow, then Jenna would have thought he might be somewhat special, a symbol of some key issue in the dream. But now, Jenna thought it was unlikely.</p>
<p>No wonder Franca said there was no need to observe and contact the actor playing Gehrman Sparrow, and Madam Justice didn’t mention Jia Yu in the information…</p>
<p><em>However, Franca’s reason was really strange, saying that Jia Yu means ‘fake jade’, representing that this person is fake, no need to delve deeper. But ‘Jia’ and ‘fake’ have completely different meanings. Indeed, only with Franca as a guide can some things become clear at a glance, and some symbols be easily interpreted…</em> Jenna mused to herself as she passed by Jia Yu and his group.</p>
<p>Those people instinctively turned their heads to look at Jenna’s back, seeming to have been struck by her beauty.</p>
<p>After leaving the Talent Department, Jenna asked curiously, “Was that just now Jia Yu?”</p>
<p>The female employee escorting her out nodded.</p>
<p>“Yes, The Great Pirate 3 made him famous overnight.”</p>
<p>“Does he have an English name? He looks very much like a foreigner,” Jenna asked casually.</p>
<p>If Jia Yu’s English name was Klein Moretti, then it would still be worth continuing to observe and make deeper contact.</p>
<p>The female employee thought for a moment and said, “No, he just has some foreign ancestry.”</p>
<p>As Jenna was feeling disappointed, the female employee lowered her voice and said,</p>
<p>“Actually, he wasn’t initially chosen to play Gehrman Sparrow. We had booked another actor, who was much more famous than him at the time, a real international star.”</p>
<p>“Couldn’t agree on the price?” Jenna asked.</p>
<p>The female employee shook her head.</p>
<p>“Car accident, became a vegetable.”</p>
<p>“Ah?” Jenna was first shocked, then several phrases she had seen while scrolling through videos recently flashed through her mind: <em>Blade flashes, bloody storm, fierce struggle…</em></p>
<p>“What a pity,” the female employee sighed.</p>
<p>Jenna’s eyes moved slightly as she asked, “What was that star’s name? I haven’t heard about the actor being replaced due to a car accident…”</p>
<p>The female employee had a look of reminiscence.</p>
<p>“I can’t remember his name either. That incident left a deep impression on me, but I just can’t recall the name… It’s just on the tip of my tongue…”</p>
<p>“Then I’ll look it up myself when I get back.” Jenna felt increasingly that there was something off about this matter.</p>
<p>She smiled and waved goodbye, leaving Hall Film Company.</p>
<hr />
<p>At Xinhong District, in the rented apartment.</p>
<p>Lumian received a message from Jenna, informing him about the matters related to the actor playing Gehrman Sparrow.</p>
<p>Lumian received a message from Jenna, informing him about the matters related to the actor playing Gehrman Sparrow.</p>
<p>There was indeed news about a star becoming a vegetable due to a car accident, but whether it was the news itself or the comments below, they were all vague about the name and specific time, as if avoiding something.</p>
<p><em>Even the almighty internet can’t find out who it is…</em> Lumian stood up and started pacing in the living room cum dining room.</p>
<p>He suddenly thought of someone and picked up his phone, finding “A name that leaves a deep impression on you”.</p>
<p>“Have you heard of this news? Do you know who it is?”</p>
<p>Below the text converted by the voice input method was the news content that Lumian had copied and pasted.</p>
<p>After a while, Anderson Hood replied to him: “See? If I had turned myself in, who would provide you with intelligence?”</p>
<p><em>He still hasn’t forgotten about last time? Isn’t he being a bit petty?</em> Lumian grumbled to himself, then smiled and brought the phone to his mouth: “Then I would help you break out of prison.”</p>
<p>After twenty to thirty seconds, Anderson replied: “But I don’t want to break out of prison. You don’t need to help me go against this city.</p>
<p>“The star who had the car accident is called An Xiaotian; he’s still lying in a special ward at Crimson Moon Hospital.”</p>
<p>“An Xiaotian?” Lumian looked towards Anthony.</p>
<p>As Franca would say, everyone with their names beginning with ‘An’ might have been one family five hundred years ago.</p>
<p>Anthony thought for a few seconds, just as he had an inspiration, Lumian was already muttering to himself, “Antigonus?”</p>
<p>This was one of the five dukes of the Tudor Empire, the previous Fool Uniqueness accommodator.</p>
<p>Thinking of the five dukes of the Tudor Empire, Lumian, who had already encountered three of them in the dream, inexplicably felt a bit more pressure with the lingering aura of the Blood Emperor.</p>
<p>“It’s quite fitting with the dream logic for Mr. Fool’s manifestation to be played by the previous Fool…” Lumian nodded slowly.</p>
<p>“But having a car accident isn’t normal, what does this symbolize?” Anthony said thoughtfully.</p>
<p>“Does it symbolize that the mental imprint left by Antigonus in The Fool Uniqueness is in a vegetative state?” Lumian tried to interpret.</p>
<p>He immediately added, “A more suspicious point about this matter is that Madam Justice didn’t mention it in the information.</p>
<p>“Whether An Xiaotian is the dream manifestation corresponding to Antigonus or not, as the originally planned actor for Gehrman Sparrow who had a car accident and became a vegetative patient, Madam Justice should have mentioned it in the information, both emotionally and rationally.</p>
<p>“If he is Antigonus, then we should be instructed to dig deeper into the issue. If not, why not simply explain a few sentences to prevent us from wasting time on this aspect?”</p>
<p>Anthony pondered for a while and said, “Maybe she forgot.”</p>
<p>And for the Major Arcana card holders, “forgetting” itself could indicate that there were issues with An Xiaotian’s existence.</p>
<p>Lumian, standing, looked at Anthony and said thoughtfully, “Later, you go to Star Dream Provisions Store to retrieve the letter, and write about An Xiaotian’s matter in a letter and mail it out.</p>
<p>“I’ll find time to go to Crimson Moon Hospital later to ‘visit’ An Xiaotian.”</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
