<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch986.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-979-mythical-creature" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 979: Mythical Creature</h2>
<p>Faced with the attack from Ludwig, the male version of Jenna, and the female version of Anthony, Zaratulstra showed no surprise.</p>
<p>His body inside the black formal wear suddenly disintegrated, along with his face, collapsing inward into a dark vortex.</p>
<p>If one looked closely at this vortex, they would see countless transparent insects frantically writhing, seemingly crawling into the observer’s mind and body, devouring thoughts and nerves.</p>
<p>From within the sleeves and pant legs of the black formal wear, numerous slimy tentacles covered in bizarre patterns extended outward.</p>
<p>Zaratulstra had also revealed his Mythical Creature form!</p>
<p>Unlike His Historical Void image, His clothes were real, not part of a historical projection. They didn’t transform into the Mythical Creature, remaining draped over the surface of the maggot vortex.</p>
<p>This made Him appear even more terrifying.</p>
<p>As Zaratulstra revealed his Mythical Creature form, both the male version of Jenna and the female version of Anthony instantly froze.</p>
<p>One’s hair rapidly grew thicker and longer, their skin losing its luster, while the other’s face became covered in patches of grayish-white dragon scales.</p>
<p>Silently, their bodies simultaneously collapsed. The former turned into a writhing mass of flesh, covered in thick, slimy, and bizarre black hair as thick as small snakes. The tips of these hairs struggled to open black and white eyes or stick out snake-like tongues. The latter disintegrated into several lizards covered in grayish-white dragon scales.</p>
<p>They had lost control.</p>
<p>Although Zaratulstra’s Mythical Creature form was suppressed to the Sequence 7 level, as deep Mirror People, their mental states were already unstable, and their emotions tended towards extremes. Naturally, they couldn’t help but lose control.</p>
<p>With this development, Ludwig’s movements slowed slightly, his mind bearing the impact of the female Anthony’s indiscriminate Frenzy.</p>
<p>Just as he was about to succumb to the male Jenna’s Charm and turn to devour that mass of flesh, the two out-of-control deep Mirror People began to fade and become transparent, quickly disappearing.</p>
<p>They were illusory to begin with.</p>
<p>Ludwig could only open his mouth wide, his mouth corners splitting to the back of his head.</p>
<p>Then, he leaped towards Zaratulstra’s Mythical Creature form in its black formal wear, biting down on one of the extended bizarre tentacles.</p>
<p>He wanted to use this to Deprive Zaratulstra of His Paper Figurine Substitutes ability.</p>
<p><em>Crack!</em></p>
<p>Ludwig bit down, but only crushed a paper figurine.</p>
<p>Zaratulstra, transformed into a Mythical Creature, appeared in midair. Within the dark vortex of countless maggots that formed His face, several differently colored gems seemed to light up simultaneously.</p>
<p>Around Ludwig, who still had the paper figurine in his mouth, numerous illusory doors suddenly appeared.</p>
<p>These illusory doors took various forms: some double-doored, some single, some barely showing a crack, some covered in mysterious patterns… They were densely packed and numerous, completely enveloping Ludwig.</p>
<p>As Zaratulstra waved His slimy tentacles, one of the illusory doors suddenly opened, welcoming Ludwig as he was thrown towards it.</p>
<p>Ludwig’s figure instantly disappeared into the profound darkness behind the door.</p>
<p>Exile!</p>
<p>This was a Secrets Sorcerer ability that Zaratulstra used with the aid of a certain Sealed Artifact. It could throw the target into a corresponding space-time turbulence, only able to return after five seconds. Of course, complete return was contingent on the person or object thrown into the space-time turbulence being able to withstand its impact.</p>
<p>Combined with a Miracle Invoker’s influence on fate, this could banish Ludwig for a full ten seconds.</p>
<p>In just two or three seconds, Zaratulstra had permanently or temporarily dealt with the third wave of attacking enemies.</p>
<p>He spoke again in the Dragonese, “My wish is: that no one else will interfere with me from now on.”</p>
<p>As soon as the words were spoken, Zaratulstra realized His wish.</p>
<p>Affected by this aspect of his abilities being suppressed to Sequence 7, the realization of his wish had clear boundaries—it was limited to only the next thirty seconds, with poor effectiveness against enemies possessing godhood. The stronger the godhood, the more likely they were to break through the restrictions and interfere with him.</p>
<p>At this moment, Jenna, hiding in one of the tunnels, suddenly found herself unable to “traverse” to the corresponding area behind the mirror.</p>
<p>Zaratulstra, maintaining His Mythical Creature form, descended from midair, floating towards the glass mirror surface leading to the hot pot restaurant’s private room.</p>
<p><em>Rumble!</em></p>
<p>He heard a faint explosion and saw a place in the area behind the mirror where an illusory curtain seemed to be pushed up, but not completely broken through.</p>
<p>Inside the Realm of Mysteries.</p>
<p>When Lumian threw the Sword of Courage and used the Spell of Harrumph, Zaratulstra’s historical projection instantly swapped positions with His marionette.</p>
<p>The marionette, hit by the two beams of white light, only shook slightly.</p>
<p>His spirit was essentially already dead.</p>
<p><em>Rumble!</em></p>
<p>The Sword of Courage struck the weak point of the Realm of Mysteries, creating a terrifying explosion, but failed to penetrate through.</p>
<p>Amidst this chaos, Lumian’s figure disappeared, Blinking to the side of Zaratulstra’s Historical Void image.</p>
<p>His left hand was already raised, the silver bracelet on his wrist glowing with a silvery-white light tinged with black.</p>
<p>Circle Inhabitant!</p>
<p>Lumian once again used Circle Inhabitant, targeting the position of Zaratulstra’s Historical Void image!</p>
<p>Of course, this attempt also forced him to face the other’s Mythical Creature form directly. His thoughts and joints were once again filled with glue, and his mental state showed signs of some confusion.</p>
<p>It was only because he possessed godhood, and the other’s Mythical Creature form was also limited to the Sequence 7 level, that he didn’t lose control on the spot. Otherwise, even if he hadn’t lost control immediately, he would have been in a state where his mind was swept by a storm, unable to continue subsequent actions.</p>
<p>Just as Zaratulstra’s Historical Void image was about to continue swapping positions with His marionette, He suddenly found the attempt failed.</p>
<p>He remained in place.</p>
<p>Seizing this opportunity, Lumian, his eyes showing a silver-black color, suddenly pushed his right palm forward.</p>
<p>All his remaining spirituality surged towards the river of fate of Zaratulstra’s historical projection.</p>
<p>Compelling Fate!</p>
<p>He wanted to compel the fate of Zaratulstra’s historical projection to rush towards the imagined tributary!</p>
<p>Due to the influence of Zaratulstra’s historical projection’s own status, the probability of success for this action was actually not high. But as a historical projection, there was a natural flaw, problem, and weakness in terms of fate, which was the time limit on their existence.</p>
<p>If Lumian wanted to compel fate to make Zaratulstra’s historical projection fall into dire straits and be killed by his subsequent attacks, it would depend on whether Mr. Fool would provide protection. But if he chose the fate tributary of “historical projection prematurely terminated due to unexpected influence”, there was a considerable chance of achieving the goal!</p>
<p>In an instant, Lumian’s spirituality was completely drained, forcing him to release the part he had accumulated in advance to barely support himself.</p>
<p>His body involuntarily leaned back slightly, and on his bright face, streams of blood flowed from his eyes, nose, and the corners of his mouth. His black long hair seemed to have gained its own vitality, floating upwards and becoming slightly thicker.</p>
<p>This was the backlash from directly viewing the fate of a Mythical Creature.</p>
<p>Not only did one of his eyes go blind immediately, but his entire person became like a marionette, temporarily unable to think or move.</p>
<p>Almost simultaneously, Zaratulstra’s Historical Void image became semi-transparent, with ripples appearing on its surface.</p>
<p>It was as if some accident had prevented the spirituality of Zaratulstra’s main body from penetrating the Realm of Mysteries to maintain the existence of the historical projection.</p>
<p>In the blink of an eye, Zaratulstra’s Historical Void image faded to invisibility, completely dissipating.</p>
<p>Without His presence, Lumian finally recovered.</p>
<p>His blue eye, covered in a blood mist, saw the black curtain enveloping this area rapidly collapsing. He saw that male marionette, having lost the control of Zaratulstra’s Historical Void image and being isolated from Zaratulstra’s main body by the Realm of Mysteries, standing still, motionless.</p>
<p>Taking advantage of the Realm of Mysteries not yet completely collapsing, Lumian took out a mirror, reflected that marionette, and cursed it with the Fire of Destruction.</p>
<p>The male marionette immediately erupted with black flames suppressing madness and destruction from the inside out, its body beginning to melt like steel.</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t look at him again. After the Realm of Mysteries further collapsed, he used the ability of Mirror Traversal to return to the area behind the mirror.</p>
<p>Just as Zaratulstra approached the glass mirror surface, He sensed movement behind Him.</p>
<p>This maggot vortex, clad in black formal wear and extending numerous bizarre tentacles, suddenly turned around to see Lumian, one eye covered in blood, the other unfocused, with blood flowing from them.</p>
<p>Although Lumian didn’t directly look at this complete Mythical Creature, only glancing towards the black shoes where things were vaguely crawling out, he still fell into intermittent thought stutters and slight mental confusion.</p>
<p>His tendency towards madness worsened.</p>
<p>At this moment, he had already retrieved the Sword of Courage with invisible spider silk. Holding this iron-black straight sword burning with scarlet flames in both hands, he was about to strike at Zaratulstra from a distance.</p>
<p>After overcoming difficulties and launching several waves of attacks, he and his teammates had finally taken out Zaratulstra’s marionette and Historical Void image, and could now challenge His main body!</p>
<p>Within the dark vortex that formed Zaratulstra’s head, each worm emitted an elderly voice.</p>
<p>The words they spoke came together, forming echoing speech in just one second.</p>
<p>“To be able to end my Historical Void image in such a short time, I’m indeed a bit surprised.</p>
<p>“But it doesn’t matter, I’ll just summon another one.”</p>
<p>As He spoke, Zaratulstra extended a bizarre, slimy tentacle and dragged out another version of Himself from the fog of history.</p>
<p>This was still him as a Sequence 1 Attendant of Mysteries.</p>
<p>If it weren’t for His concern about the hidden enemy who used the power of Distortion to transfer Him to the mirror world, Zaratulstra felt He could have killed this group entirely, rather than just thinking about escaping this place.</p>
<p>At this moment, Lumian couldn’t help but feel a bit of despair.</p>
<p><em>Zaratulstra still has the spirituality to summon a Historical Void image?</em></p>
<p><em>Is this what an Angel is? Even suppressed to Sequence 7, so many of us have only taken out His marionette, not even scratching His skin!</em></p>
<p>Courage and madness occupied Lumian’s body. Without fear, he slashed out a highly compressed scarlet fire serpent towards Zaratulstra and His Historical Void image from a distance.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
