<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch984.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-977-the-best-support" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 977: The Best Support</h2>
<p>After Mr. Huang left the private room to take the call, Zaratulstra leaned towards the center of the window, as if trying to get a clearer view of the stage and the corresponding large screen.</p>
<p>At the same time, Mr. Ed and other Intis Group employees responsible for reception, as well as Zaratulstra’s entourage, all heard their phones vibrate.</p>
<p>They instinctively picked up their phones, unlocked the screens, and saw a pop-up message.</p>
<p>This wasn’t a text message or WeChat notification, nor was it an alert for an incoming call. It seemed to be just a simple dialog box that had taken over the screen.</p>
<p>The dialog box contained a brief line of text: “Please be quiet for one minute.”</p>
<p>As Mr. Ed, the Intis Group employees, and Zaratulstra’s entourage noticed this line of text, it jumped up one by one, directly out of the phone screens, transforming into an invisible, colorless stream of information carrying mystical power that entered the heads of the corresponding people.</p>
<p>Except for Mr. Huang, who was making a phone call outside the private room, and Zaratulstra, who was looking at the stage below, everyone present suddenly became dazed, their eyes vacant, their bodies frozen in their previous positions.</p>
<p>They had truly become quiet.</p>
<p>Zaratulstra sensed something amiss and turned his gaze back to the people in the private room.</p>
<p>As he did so, out of the corner of his eye, he noticed his own reflection faintly appearing in the already open window.</p>
<p>His heart skipped a beat, and he instinctively pulled back his body, preventing the window from reflecting him anymore.</p>
<p>At this moment, behind the corresponding glass mirror surface, Lumian, in his Demoness of Despair form with disheveled black hair and wearing a dark T-shirt, quietly watched as Zaratulstra’s ethereal figure appeared on the mirror and quickly moved towards the edge.</p>
<p>The normally invisible Spirit Body Threads on his body, upon touching the hard mirror surface, no longer extended as usual, but were drawn upwards by some force, disappearing into the deep, dark sky above.</p>
<p>This was Distortion’s alteration of the Spirit Body Threads extension direction. This way, Zaratulstra wouldn’t be able to detect in advance if someone was spying or lying in ambush behind the mirror by observing Spirit Body Threads.</p>
<p>The effect of Distortion came from the edge of the area behind the mirror, near the ghostly tunnel resembling a spider web, from a crown inlaid with numerous dark gems.</p>
<p>The crown floated silently in midair, with a tall, beautiful woman standing behind it.</p>
<p>This woman had tied her slightly curly chestnut hair into a bun, had straight eyebrows, blue eyes, and was wearing a white short-sleeved T-shirt and light-colored trousers. She was none other than Miss Bernie Huang.</p>
<p>She held a phone in her hand, talking to Huang Tao.</p>
<p>Logically, there shouldn’t be any signal in the mirror world, but Bernie Huang’s words, after going through the phone, directly transformed into an invisible stream of information, drilling out of this place. The replies from Huang Tao were similarly affected by Beyonder powers, entering as pure information streams and being converted into sound by the phone.</p>
<p>Lumian glanced at Miss Huang, recalling what she had said before the operation: <em>“I can provide help for you, but I can’t directly participate in the battle.</em></p>
<p><em>“I’ve already been kicked out of this dream twice and am under certain restrictions. If Zaratulstra sees me as his enemy, I might be kicked out of the dream for the third time, and the problem with my father hasn’t been resolved yet…</em></p>
<p><em>“I’ll create opportunities for you, but killing Zaratulstra or kicking him out of the dream can only be done by yourselves…</em></p>
<p><em>“This item can’t be lent to you, otherwise, before Zaratulstra dies, you’ll die first…”</em></p>
<p>Lumian hesitated no longer and, looking at Zaratulstra’s Mirror Projection that hadn’t yet disappeared, raised his left hand.</p>
<p>On his wrist was a silver bracelet that lit up with a silver-white and black glow.</p>
<p>Circle Inhabitant!</p>
<p>Lumian seized the opportunity and used Circle Inhabitant on Zaratulstra’s fading Mirror Projection!</p>
<p>Of course, this was also suppressed to the Sequence 7 level, unable to make the corresponding fate repeat, and could only be triggered twice at most.</p>
<p>The current implementation of Circle Inhabitant was to make similar scenes appear again in a short time through disturbances in fate.</p>
<p>In the private room, after Zaratulstra pulled back his body, preventing the glass window from reflecting him again, he suddenly felt a gust of wind blowing from the entrance of the hot pot restaurant.</p>
<p>Before he could check the status of the others at the table, he found the window being blown, moving towards closing.</p>
<p>This once again cast his reflection onto the corresponding glass.</p>
<p>In Zaratul’s deep blue, almost pure black eyes, a dim light flashed, already sensing the presence of anomalies, not just simple vigilance.</p>
<p>He raised his right hand, using a Miracle Invoker’s ability to influence the future.</p>
<p>He reduced the probability of his Mirror Projection being utilized by others!</p>
<p>In the mirror world, Lumian held an ice crystal thin sword wrapped in terrifying black flames in one hand, while touching the river of fate of Zaratulstra’s Mirror Projection with the other, trying to magnify the fate tributary of his successful attack.</p>
<p>The two forces collided, with Zaratulstra’s prevailing slightly, causing that fate tributary not only to fail to magnify but to shrink by one-tenth.</p>
<p>However, for Lumian, this was enough.</p>
<p>His use of the Magnified Fate ability wasn’t to increase the probability of the curse succeeding, but to counteract the Miracle Invoker’s interference with fate.</p>
<p>Being so close to Zaratulstra’s Mirror Projection, as long as there was no interference from the Miracle Invoker, or as long as the Miracle Invoker’s interference wasn’t strong enough, his chances of achieving his goal were quite high.</p>
<p>Lumian’s ice crystal thin sword darted out, striking the reappearing Mirror Projection of Zaratulstra.</p>
<p>The Fire of Destruction wrapped around the ice crystal thin sword instantly poured into that projection, igniting it from the inside out, placing it in pure, mad destruction.</p>
<p>This was a curse, a curse aimed at Zaratulstra!</p>
<p>The mystical principle behind many of a Demoness’s curses was to utilize Mirror Projections, which was also a kind of Mirror Person, a temporary, short-lived Mirror Person with a very strong mystical connection to the original person!</p>
<p>When Lumian’s Fire of Destruction ignited Zaratulstra’s Mirror Projection, in the private room, Zaratulstra’s eyes, nose, ears, mouth, skin pores, and other places erupted with violent black flames.</p>
<p>In an instant, this old man became a black torch, his body quickly thinning and shrinking, burning to ashes.</p>
<p>Paper Figurine Substitutes!</p>
<p>For an Angel like Zaratulstra, Paper Figurine Substitutes could long be used to transfer curses, but to escape a curse completed by a Demoness through a Mirror Projection, the main body still needed to hide in the fog of history in time.</p>
<p>After interfering with the development of fate using his Miracle Invoker ability, Zaratulstra didn’t think the first wave of attacks would end there. He quickly used Paper Figurine Substitute, while he cautiously entered the fog of history, hiding in a crevice.</p>
<p>The scene of him burning into a paper figurine didn’t attract the attention of those at the table.</p>
<p>Those people were still in a quiet state.</p>
<p>In the mirror world.</p>
<p>Near the illusory dark tunnel, Bernadette held a phone in one hand, while with the other, she made several dark gems on the crown in front of her light up with strange radiance.</p>
<p>Distortion!</p>
<p>She used Distortion again, swapping the spatial positions of Zaratulstra’s main body plus Paper Figurine Substitute and his Mirror Projection.</p>
<p>Thus, Zaratulstra, who had hidden in the fog of history, and the Paper Figurine Substitute that had been burned to ashes, came to the mirror world.</p>
<p>This place was also connected to the spirit world, this place also had the fog of history.</p>
<p>Meanwhile, Zaratulstra’s Mirror Projection sat by the hot pot table, quickly disappearing into nothingness amidst the madly growing black flames.</p>
<p>It vanished into the void along with these Flames of Destruction.</p>
<p>After completing this, Bernadette quickly put away the crown inlaid with dark gems, stepped back twice, and disappeared into the illusory, complex tunnel resembling a spider web.</p>
<p>Throughout this process, she maintained her call with Mr. Huang.</p>
<p>Lumian showed no emotional fluctuation at Bernadette’s departure. According to their agreement, this princess was mainly responsible for three things:</p>
<p>First, to draw away Mr. Huang, who was suspected to be influenced by the mirrored Roselle;</p>
<p>Second, to use the Mystery Pryer pathway’s control over the information world to “push” a message to the others in the private room that would make them “quiet”, with the subsequent cleanup and erasure of traces to be done by the Information Shredder—Lumian still remembered that when Miss Huang saw the Information Shredder, her expression noticeably became more complex, as if seeing a natural enemy being artificially created;</p>
<p>Third, to help Lumian and the others hide their Spirit Body Threads, preventing Zaratulstra from discovering them in advance. If Lumian failed to assassinate successfully in the initial stage, she would help bring Zaratulstra into the mirror world, allowing them to change from assassination to forced killing, with the possibility of one more indirect assistance later depending on the situation.</p>
<p>This way, Lumian and the others wouldn’t have to worry about their battle with Zaratulstra attracting the official forces of the dream city, being interrupted by them, or even hunted down.</p>
<p>Moreover, Zaratulstra would be separated from his marionettes.</p>
<p>Even if Zaratulstra could manipulate the Spirit Body Threads through the mirror, those marionettes, if they didn’t possess the power to come to the mirror world, wouldn’t be able to participate in this battle.</p>
<p>Cutting off the marionettes was the first step in dealing with high-level beings of the Seer pathway.</p>
<p>As the Paper Figurine Substitute was completely burned, Zaratulstra, at Sequence 7 and unable to stay in the fog of history for too long, returned to reality.</p>
<p>He saw that he was in the void dark area behind the mirror, and near the mirror surface stood a figure whose charm couldn’t be concealed even by darkness.</p>
<p>Lumian smiled, making this area seem as if it was illuminated by clear moonlight.</p>
<p>Charm!</p>
<p>Zaratulstra’s consciousness was momentarily stunned, all Worms of Spirit seemingly marveling at that heart-piercing beauty.</p>
<p>Almost simultaneously, the invisible spider silk that had long been spread throughout this place entangled him.</p>
<p>Lumian then drew the Sword of Courage and, from a distance of over ten meters, slashed towards Zaratulstra.</p>
<p>That iron-black straight sword created a highly compressed fire serpent, falling towards the old man dressed in a black formal suit from a distance.</p>
<p>At the edge of the area behind the mirror, Jenna emerged from her Invisible state, used the mirror in her hand to reflect Zaratulstra’s figure, and smeared her other hand, covered in Demoness black flames, onto it.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
