<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch981.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-974-instigation" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 974: Instigation</h2>
<p>Lumian quickly found the conversation between Zaratulstra and Jia Yu. The gist was that Zaratulstra wanted to poach Jia Yu for a newly established film and television company.</p>
<p>This company would be funded by the restructured Intis Group, which would also help pay the penalty for breaking Jia Yu’s contract in the final year.</p>
<p>Additionally, Jia Yu would receive a hefty signing bonus, better contract terms, stronger resources, and endorsement deals with Intis Group’s luxury goods company.</p>
<p>Lumian raised an eyebrow as he listened.</p>
<p><em>You’re really discussing business cooperation?</em></p>
<p><em>Is this what I wanted to hear?</em></p>
<p>After Zaratulstra’s repeated promises, Jia Yu was clearly tempted, saying he’d consider it and give a final answer in two days.</p>
<p>Lumian looked at his phone, hit pause, and replayed the conversation in his mind.</p>
<p>He turned to Anthony at the side of the table and mused, “Two key points:</p>
<p>“One, Jia Yu, the actor who played Gehrman Sparrow, is still useful. The Celestial Worthy’s subordinates value him highly and want to bring him under their control, preparing for certain future developments.</p>
<p>“Two, Zaratulstra doesn’t actually have much money. He only has an identity and company woven from dreams, which are outside this city and exist only as rumors. He needs the merger and restructuring with Intis Group to turn them into real money and resources. This can be deduced from the fact that all the benefits promised to Jia Yu can only be delivered after Intis Group funds the establishment of the film company, rather than writing an irresistible check on the spot.</p>
<p>“With Beyonder abilities restricted, the importance of money and resources is greatly amplified. I really want to know who won that unclaimed first prize earlier.”</p>
<p>At this point, Lumian’s expression turned cold.</p>
<p>“Another point we overlooked before is that once Intis Group completes the restructuring with Zaratulstra’s company that’s part of the plot background, Zaratulstra will gain access to a large amount of resources and money, which is very unfavorable for us.</p>
<p>“And whether or not Mr. Huang has been eroded and controlled by the mirrored Roselle, this merger will proceed. The only difference is whether Zaratulstra’s benefits will be substantial or just average. As long as he’s willing to compromise and give up some interests, the merger and restructuring will likely happen.”</p>
<p>Anthony nodded slightly and said, “Contacting Zhou Mingrui, doing something in secret, and clearing out some dream characters; using the mirrored Roselle to influence Mr. Huang, eroding and controlling this tycoon; and promoting the merger of the two companies—these are the three main things Zaratulstra has done since coming to Yangdu. Some are overt, some covert, making it easy for us to focus on the first thing and overlook the latter two. By the time we realize it, he may have already created the momentum he needs, vast and unstoppable.</p>
<p>“Is this what an Angel who has lived for one or two thousand years is like?</p>
<p>“However, it’s surprising that He knows how to use corporate mergers and acquisitions in the dream city to turn virtual wealth into reality. He doesn’t seem like an old fossil at all.”</p>
<p>He, Lumian, and Jenna hadn’t even thought about this aspect before, nor had Franca, who was just an undergraduate student before her transmigration and had almost no exposure to the business world.</p>
<p>“Did you forget that his current body belongs to another transmigrator?” Lumian suddenly smiled, “The operation to eliminate Zaratulstra must be launched as soon as possible.”</p>
<p>“But we need to be wary that it might be a trap to lure us in,” Anthony reminded Lumian.</p>
<p>Lumian nodded and stood up. “I’m going to chat with a friend now.”</p>
<p>After giving some of the food from his Traveler’s Bag to Ludwig, he used Teleportation and Mirror Traversal to arrive at the psychiatric ward of Crimson Moon Hospital.</p>
<p>Li Keji was still confined there.</p>
<p>Lumian changed into a more feminine shirt and loose trousers, transforming back into the appearance of a Demoness of Despair.</p>
<p>He gathered his black hair behind his back, letting it fall naturally, then stepped out of the mirror-like object and gently landed at the door of Li Keji’s room.</p>
<p>Knock, knock, knock. Lumian gently tapped on the steel door.</p>
<p>He and Li Keji were on opposite sides of the door, so he couldn’t use the Bottle of Fiction to isolate the environment.</p>
<p>After a few seconds, Lumian saw a plump, white mushroom cautiously poke its cap out from behind the iron grate in the upper part of the metal door, then quickly retract.</p>
<p><em>I really want to throw a Fire of Destruction ball in there…</em> Lumian grumbled as Li Keji’s densely hairy face appeared at the window blocked by the iron grate.</p>
<p>“Who are you?” Li Keji asked, instinctively brightening.</p>
<p>“I’m here to rescue you,” Lumian replied with a smile.</p>
<p>Li Keji shook his head. “No need, no need, I believe in the law!”</p>
<p><em>The law doesn’t believe in you…</em> Lumian thought to himself.</p>
<p>He took the opportunity to say, “Actually, I want to ask for your help.”</p>
<p>“Do you want mushrooms?” Li Keji became excited, “I have many types of mushrooms here…”</p>
<p>He was about to start a lengthy introduction.</p>
<p>Lumian interrupted him. “I’ve heard about your ideas from someone, but I think they might be a bit too narrow.”</p>
<p>“Too narrow?” Li Keji was taken aback.</p>
<p>Lumian nodded solemnly.</p>
<p>“For humans, food is indeed important, but it’s not everything for survival.</p>
<p>“Diseases can also cause people to lose their lives prematurely. Haven’t you thought about creating more magical mushrooms, each variety capable of treating one or multiple types of diseases?”</p>
<p>“That’s too difficult.” Li Keji fell into deep thought. “It’s impossible to treat diseases by crossbreeding cows, fish, wheat, and mushrooms. Do we need to crossbreed with something else… implant my gene fragments into mushrooms, fusing the genes that produce healing power with the mushrooms? But gene fragments and transgenic technology alone are not enough…”</p>
<p>Lumian’s eyelid twitched, and he said sincerely, “I have a friend who became a vegetative state due to a car accident, but I feel he still has a bit of consciousness.</p>
<p>“Can you think of a way to use your mushrooms to cure him, wake him up, but still retain that bit of his own consciousness?”</p>
<p>Li Keji was silent for a few seconds before saying, “Let me think about it. I can’t guarantee it will work.”</p>
<p>“Alright, I’ll come back in a couple of days to hear your answer.” Lumian stepped back two paces and disappeared into the shadows by the wall.</p>
<p>Throughout this conversation, he had been using Instigation with a hint of Charm.</p>
<hr />
<p>The next morning, at the talent department of Hall Film Company.</p>
<p>Jenna entered an office, facing one of the female interviewers from before.</p>
<p>“Have a seat.” The female interviewer pointed to the sofa area. “Let me introduce myself, I’m Mei Xin, head of the talent department at Hall Film Company. My English name is Christine.”</p>
<p>She sat down and said to Jenna, “Before our legal colleague arrives, let me briefly explain the main terms of the contract.</p>
<p>“Your appearance and acting skills meet our requirements very well. In the industry, our Hall Film Company treats new actors the best. The contract is only for three years, with a monthly base salary of 4,000. You can keep 50% of all your income, including film fees and endorsement fees. We will also provide you with various training and professional makeup artists, and so on.</p>
<p>“The most important point is that the company’s resources will be significantly tilted towards our own people.</p>
<p>“Once you’ve gained fame and have representative works, the contract can be renegotiated at any time to increase your profit-sharing ratio and gain some autonomy. And if this contract expires, we only ask for the right of first refusal for the new contract, under equal conditions…”</p>
<p>Jenna listened attentively, feeling quite involved. Although she didn’t expect to stay in the dream city for a year or two, this might be her only chance to sign an actor’s contract.</p>
<p>Finally, Mei Xin said, “After signing the contract, we will advance you 30,000 yuan to help you settle in and buy clothes. This amount will be deducted in installments from your future income, without interest.”</p>
<p><em>30,000 yuan right after signing?</em> Jenna didn’t hide her change in expression.</p>
<p><em>Quick! I want to sign now!</em></p>
<p>With this money, plus the 30,000 yuan fee Bernie Huang gave to Franca yesterday, the team’s savings would reach nearly 240,000 yuan. They could rent the magic mirror Arrodes from Star Dream Provisions Store!</p>
<p>Having such a magic mirror to help before launching the operation against Zaratulstra would be a major advantage!</p>
<p>During this time, whenever Lumian and the others visited Star Dream Provisions Store, they would try not to rent the mirror and instead ask questions directly on the spot to get answers. However, they were never successful. That first time when they got answers seemed to be just a coincidence, or perhaps such a benefit could only be enjoyed after a very long interval. Similarly, Franca’s Magic Mirror Divination ritual aimed at Arrodes also failed to get any feedback.</p>
<p>Soon, an employee from the legal department of Hall Film Company arrived with the contract.</p>
<p>Jenna read all the terms carefully, albeit with some difficulty, asked a few questions, and then promptly completed the signing.</p>
<p>Before she left Hall Film Company, the advance settlement fee had already been deposited into her account.</p>
<p>To her disappointment, Jia Yu didn’t seem to come to the company today, so she couldn’t bump into him and make initial contact by pretending to be a fan asking for an autograph.</p>
<hr />
<p>At 2 pm.</p>
<p>Jenna arrived at Star Dream Provisions Store.</p>
<p>Only after entering the shop did she send a message to Franca, Lumian, and the others: “You can transfer the money to me now.”</p>
<p>She hadn’t done this in advance for fear of encountering obstacles along the way.</p>
<p>If they lost all their money because of this, their previous efforts would have been in vain!</p>
<p>Lumian and the others, who had been waiting in different places, quickly completed the transfers, each keeping only enough for living expenses for the next week.</p>
<p>Jenna walked up to the cashier and said to the shopkeeper, “Hello, can I rent that mirror?”</p>
<p>She was referring to the magic mirror Arrodes.</p>
<p>Earlier, the team had already discussed what would be best to rent first. Considering that the magic mirror Arrodes was the only item Mr. Fool carried while sleeping, as well as the specific rental price and the symbolic meaning of Demonesses in the dream world, they finally decided to rent this mirror.</p>
<p>“220,000 for one day.” The shopkeeper raised her head and smiled in the suddenly dimmed light.</p>
<p>“Alright.” Jenna didn’t haggle.</p>
<p>After she completed the payment through the store’s POS machine and signed a very simple rental contract, the shopkeeper said while lowering her head, “You can take that mirror now. Return it by 3 pm tomorrow.”</p>
<p>Jenna instinctively swallowed and walked to the shelf, picking up the silver mirror with black eyeball-like objects on both sides.</p>
<p>After placing the magic mirror Arrodes into the Traveler’s Bag, Jenna quietly let out a sigh of relief.</p>
<p>It wasn’t easy!</p>
<p>Saving money really wasn’t easy!</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
