<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch987.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-980-together" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 980: Together</h2>
<p>Faced with the giant fire serpent slashed out by Lumian, Zaratulstra’s Historical Void image had not yet fully emerged from the fog of history and was unable to respond effectively. Meanwhile, the countless transparent maggots within the dark vortex of Zaratulstra’s main body merely watched, taking no action.</p>
<p>The highly compressed scarlet fire serpent had not yet truly approached Zaratulstra’s main body when it suddenly changed direction, curving to the side, as if unwilling to conflict with this complete Mythical Creature.</p>
<p>This was the power of a “miracle”.</p>
<p>Zaratulstra’s previously made wish that “no one else will interfere with him” was still in effect, still functioning!</p>
<p>Although Lumian possessed a certain degree of godhood, the power of the wish was unable to prevent him from leaving the Realm of Mysteries and returning to this area behind the mirror. However, it could still prevent him from directly affecting Zaratulstra’s main body, causing all his attacks to bypass the target.</p>
<p>At this moment, Lumian suddenly raised his head.</p>
<p>But he wasn’t looking at Zaratulstra’s Mythical Creature form. Instead, he was looking at the glass mirror surface not far from Zaratulstra.</p>
<p>His eye, covered in a blood mist due to burst capillaries, turned iron-black, reflecting the glass mirror surface that represented the entrance and exit, reflecting the pale spots on it.</p>
<p>This was the mirror’s own weakness.</p>
<p>Immediately after, Lumian, wearing a silver-white earring on his left ear and his black hair floating gently, smiled and raised the Sword of Courage in his hand.</p>
<p>The giant fire serpent that had bypassed Zaratulstra’s main body changed direction accordingly, fiercely pouncing towards the pale spot on the glass mirror surface.</p>
<p>The distance between them was extremely short. Before Zaratulstra’s main body could react, the highly compressed scarlet fire serpent hit the target area.</p>
<p>Zaratulstra’s head, composed of countless maggots forming a vortex, turned towards that spot, seeming somewhat stunned by Lumian’s choice.</p>
<p>Once the mirror surface shattered, the corresponding area behind the mirror would collapse with it. If the people and objects in that area couldn’t escape in time through the mirror tunnels, they would be swallowed by the turbulence of the mirror world and dragged into its depths. The dangers there were fatal for Beyonders without a complete Mythical Creature form, meaning Lumian!</p>
<p>Even for Angels with complete Mythical Creature forms, unless they were of the Door pathway or the Demoness pathway, the depths of the mirror world were places they were reluctant to venture into lightly.</p>
<p>Seeing this scene, Lumian’s smile grew increasingly manic.</p>
<p><em>I never intended to attack you at all!</em></p>
<p><em>My initial goal was to shatter the mirror corresponding to this area, dragging you down into the depths of the mirror world, into dangerous space-time turbulence!</em></p>
<p><em>And to prevent you from detecting my true intentions, I pretended to attack you directly. That strange interference helped me save a lot of spirituality. Otherwise, even as a Pyromaniac wearing the Lie earring, changing the direction of the fire serpent midway would have been very strenuous and consumed a lot!</em></p>
<p><em>Boom!</em></p>
<p>The scarlet giant serpent, carrying the effects of Cull and Mighty Blow, exploded thunderously at the weak spot on the inside of the mirror, stirring up violent winds.</p>
<p>Amidst the gale, the sound of cracking was drowned out as the mirror instantly shattered into pieces, causing the entire area behind the mirror to collapse with a thunderous roar.</p>
<p>This dark, void world crumbled.</p>
<p>Neither Lumian nor Zaratulstra’s main body managed to enter that spider web-like illusory tunnel. They plummeted sharply towards the unseen bottom of the darkness, not knowing where it led.</p>
<p>The collapse of this mirror world also brought intense shock waves to the historical fog that had previously permeated this place. Zaratulstra’s Historical Void image returned to formlessness before it could be fully dragged out.</p>
<p>As they fell rapidly, Lumian’s body became very light, noticeably slowing his descent.</p>
<p>He could already see the dark storm raging below, seemingly able to tear apart everything, and he was about to be engulfed by it.</p>
<p>He activated the black mark on his right shoulder, vanishing from the current void with a whoosh.</p>
<p>His figure didn’t appear in the outside world. He didn’t use a Demoness’s control over the mirror world or the Spiritual World Traversal ability from Hand Bro to escape this dangerous place before being caught in the space-time turbulence. Instead, he Blinked to Zaratulstra’s side.</p>
<p>Invisible spider silk then became visible, layer upon layer binding the maggot vortex clad in black formal wear.</p>
<p>After escaping from the Realm of Mysteries, Lumian had been secretly producing spider silk, letting it surround Zaratulstra’s main body. When the area behind the mirror collapsed, these transparent spider threads immediately entangled the target, disregarding the corruption and effects brought by the Mythical Creature form on itself, making contact with Zaratulstra’s main body.</p>
<p>It was through this contact, relying on the positioning provided by the Demoness’s spider silk, that Lumian was able to find Zaratulstra’s main body in this chaotic and dangerous space-time and Teleport to His side.</p>
<p>Those spider threads slowly and jerkily entangled Zaratulstra, while Lumian, positioned beside Him, closed his eyes and slashed the Sword of Courage towards the maggot vortex clad in black formal wear, following the pull of the spider silk.</p>
<p>The scarlet flames on this iron-black straight sword silently turned pitch black, restraining violence and madness.</p>
<p>Fire of Destruction!</p>
<p>As Lumian drew closer to Zaratulstra’s main body, even with his eyes closed, his thoughts became sluggish, and the Sword of Courage he was slashing noticeably slowed.</p>
<p>This was the corruption brought by the Mythical Creature form, which was also a kind of marionettization.</p>
<p>Now, it took Zaratulstra 20 seconds to gain initial control over a target’s Spirit Body Threads, but with the impact and corruption of the Mythical Creature form added, it only took 7 seconds!</p>
<p>From the moment Lumian left the Realm of Mysteries, He had been secretly diverting attention to manipulate the other’s Spirit Body Threads!</p>
<p><em>As expected… it’s like this…</em> The manic smile didn’t disappear from Lumian’s bright face.</p>
<p>He activated the black mark on his right shoulder once again.</p>
<p>And now, he was depending on how Zaratulstra’s main body was bound to the invisible spider silk.</p>
<p>In other words, his Teleportation would bring Zaratulstra along with him!</p>
<p>He wanted to go somewhere together with Zaratulstra!</p>
<p>Zaratulstra suddenly had a sense of danger. He abandoned manipulating Lumian’s Spirit Body Threads and was about to use Paper Figurine Substitutes to escape the binding of the spider silk, and then leave this area that was about to be swallowed by space-time turbulence using the Secrets Sorcerer Sealed Artifact he carried.</p>
<p>At this moment, in a virtual tunnel of the mirror world, Bernadette, sitting on a green pea vine, was making a phone call while looking at a mirror.</p>
<p>That mirror was a substitute Lumian had made for himself, having a very close connection with him. It was relying on this connection and the abilities of the Mystery Pryer pathway that Bernadette was able to monitor every move on the battlefield.</p>
<p>She suddenly reached out her right hand and once again virtually wiped the dark crown she had taken out again.</p>
<p>The numerous gems on that crown lit up simultaneously, using Lumian’s mirror to Disorder the corresponding space-time.</p>
<p>Zaratulstra first turned into a paper figurine, then His main body reappeared in the same position, still bound by spider silk.</p>
<p>This was the last bit of help Bernadette could provide.</p>
<p>Lumian’s figure disappeared from the dark void that was about to be swallowed by space-time turbulence, taking Zaratulstra with him.</p>
<p>The two of them appeared on the surface of the large screen on the hot pot restaurant’s stage and passed through it.</p>
<p>Zaratulstra then saw the private room that belonged to his group, saw tables of customers eating hot pot.</p>
<p><em>Thankfully, it’s not the police station…</em> Zaratulstra immediately contracted the maggot vortex, quickly changing back into a white-haired elderly man.</p>
<p>He was worried that his Mythical Creature form would cause massive casualties and madness in the public setting of the hot pot restaurant. If that happened, He would certainly be captured by the main consciousness of the dream and forcibly kicked out or turned into a marionette, which could no longer be avoided by historical projection.</p>
<p>Just as Zaratulstra regained human form, He suddenly saw a pair of eyes, dark brown eyes.</p>
<p>Those were Zhou Mingrui’s eyes.</p>
<p>Zhou Mingrui was sitting at a table not far from the stage, staring blankly as he watched Zaratulstra and a beautiful woman with a bloody face walk out from the screen. He felt that a dangerous aura lingered on the former, as if he had just emerged from a state that could kill everyone in the hot pot restaurant.</p>
<p>This deeply shocked him, and the goose intestine he was holding with his chopsticks, not yet placed in the pot, froze in midair.</p>
<p>Outside the hot pot restaurant, the sky at 7 pm was still bright.</p>
<p>Zaratulstra’s gaze instantly froze.</p>
<p>The next second, he turned his head to look at Lumian.</p>
<p>One of Lumian’s eyes had lost focus, dazed and confused, while the other blue eye was shrouded in a bloody mist.</p>
<p>He put away the Sword of Courage and smirked at Zaratulstra, a dangerous yet beautiful smile playing on his lips.</p>
<p>Both of them felt pain simultaneously, as if tightly entangled by invisible tentacles, forcibly being dragged away from the world they relied on for survival.</p>
<p>Their thoughts were also rapidly becoming sluggish and stuttering.</p>
<p>Confirming that the situation was as he had anticipated, Lumian smiled even more happily.</p>
<p>Zaratulstra didn’t put up much more resistance, as that would prevent Him from entering the dream again later.</p>
<p>He took a deep look at the Demoness of Despair before him, then left this world along with the force kicking Him out of the dream.</p>
<p>Lumian did the same.</p>
<p><em>Clap, clap, clap</em>, warm applause suddenly came from all directions in the hot pot restaurant.</p>
<p>Whether that scene of the beautiful woman and the old man walking out of the screen was magic or an application of virtual reality technology, it was worth applauding!</p>
<p>What the audience didn’t notice was that behind Zaratulstra, an illusory door discreetly appeared, and Ludwig, dressed in children’s formal wear, walked out.</p>
<p>People and objects banished by the Secrets Sorcerer ability, when the time was up, didn’t return to their original position but to the side of the person who used the Exile ability.</p>
<p>Ludwig glanced at Lumina and Zaratulstra in front of him, quickly changing his mouth back to its original form.</p>
<p>He walked around to the front and took Lumina’s hand.</p>
<p>Lumina remembered that this was her child. Under Ludwig’s guidance, she left the stage and walked towards the back of the hot pot restaurant—the resting place for the face-changing performers.</p>
<p>Zaratulstra looked at his position in confusion, and amidst the audience’s applause, he also walked off the stage, heading towards the second floor.</p>
<p>After walking seven or eight steps, he saw the stairs, and for some unknown reason, his mood suddenly became joyful.</p>
<p>At this moment, he heard a “bang” sound.</p>
<p>A dim green bullet flew from somewhere above, hitting the side of his head.</p>
<p>On the surface of the glass window in the corner of the second floor, Franca’s figure faintly appeared.</p>
<p>Located in the blind spot of surveillance, she had extended the Inevitable Gun slightly out of the glass mirror surface.</p>
<p>Certain Death!</p>
<p>As the gun fired, Zaratulstra’s pupils suddenly dilated, and his head exploded, splattering red and white in all directions.</p>
<p>Franca quickly withdrew the Inevitable Gun and calmly left the current glass window using the remaining power of the Ice Amulet.</p>
<p><em>We may not be able to kill your main body, but can’t we kill your dream manifestation?</em></p>
<p>Without this current identity, let’s see how you obtain money and resources, see how long it takes you to get a new identity and return to the dream city!</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
