<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch996.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-989-bloodline" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 989: Bloodline</h2>
<p><em>Pregnant?</em> Hearing this word, Lumian’s scalp instantly went numb.</p>
<p><em>Li Keji is pregnant?</em></p>
<p><em>Pull yourself together; you’re a man!</em></p>
<p><em>How did he get pregnant? Who did it? When?</em></p>
<p>Relying on the endurance of an Ascetic, Lumian maintained relative calm on the surface. He asked in a deep voice, “Are you certain?”</p>
<p>“It’s definitely pregnancy,” Li Keji’s voice came from somewhere far from the iron door. “I used to be a doctor, then became a biologist. Do you think I can’t tell if it’s a pregnancy?”</p>
<p><em>He really is pregnant…</em> Lumian’s whole body went numb.</p>
<p>Among all the Beyonder paths he currently knew of that could make a man pregnant, only those related to the Great Mother could do it!</p>
<p><em>Did Grimm and the others secretly come to Crimson Moon Hospital to impregnate Li Keji without telling me? That doesn’t seem right. For such a big matter, they would have no reason not to report to the Child of God… Moreover, he said that currently in the dream city, only I, as the Child of God, possess godhood and can promote rapid fetal growth while impregnating Li Keji, and this would still require the support of the obstetrics and gynecology department of Mushu Hospital…</em> Lumian’s first reaction was to suspect Grimm and other bestowed of the Great Mother, but the information he had previously obtained was insufficient to support this reasoning.</p>
<p>He immediately thought of a possibility.</p>
<p><em>Zhou Mingrui had received a strong stimulus, causing some changes in the dream that he and others hadn’t yet noticed, and the Great Mother could now bestow godhood on a few chosen ones.</em></p>
<p><em>It’s only been one day, and problems from the changes have already erupted. Could it be this fast?</em></p>
<p><em>Besides, Grimm believes I’ve already impregnated Li Keji, there’s no need to do it again…</em></p>
<p><em>I’ve already impregnated Li Keji…</em></p>
<p>As his brain worked rapidly, Lumian suddenly had an incredible guess.</p>
<p><em>Could the child in Li Keji’s belly be mine?</em></p>
<p>Amidst his shock, Lumian followed this train of thought.</p>
<p><em>Last week, I high-fived Li Keji in the psychiatric ward of Mushu Hospital. I used this to falsely claim that I had impregnated Li Keji to deceive Grimm, so he wouldn’t suspect my identity as a Child of God…</em></p>
<p><em>Could it be that this contact actually made Li Keji pregnant?</em></p>
<p><em>But I only have a bit of Omebella bloodline, and I don’t possess any Sower-related abilities…</em></p>
<p><em>No, it’s just that I don’t have them in reality, the objective conditions are completely unsatisfied, but this is a dream…</em></p>
<p><em>As long as the dream subconscious believes it, even the most outrageous and absurd things can happen…</em></p>
<p><em>At that time, when I high-fived Li Keji, in Grimm’s eyes I was the genuine Child of God Omebella, and I do indeed possess Omebella’s bloodline. Did this make me roughly equivalent to the real Child of God Omebella in the dream subconscious’s perception? And the Child of God Omebella does have the corresponding Beyonder powers to impregnate Li Keji…</em></p>
<p><em>Moreover, most importantly, the place where I high-fived Li Keji and said words like “he’s already pregnant” was Mushu Hospital, a place where the Great Mother can exert great influence. It’s possible that the dream subconscious, confused and misled by the environment there, equated me with the Child of God Omebella…</em></p>
<p><em>Yes, there’s one more point!</em></p>
<p>Lumian’s pupils suddenly dilated.</p>
<p>They had previously overlooked one thing, subconsciously equating the dream subconscious with Mr. Fool’s subconscious.</p>
<p>But in reality, the dream subconscious should be a mixture of Mr. Fool’s subconscious and the subconscious of The Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings</p>
<p>In this situation, the characters created by the dream subconscious and the changes brought about wouldn’t completely originate from Mr. Fool’s cognition, nor would they always be beneficial to Lumian and others!</p>
<p>Based on this, the character images in the dream city, including Luo Shan, Ai Nana, Deng, and others, couldn’t be simply defined as characters woven by Mr. Fool’s subconscious based on his own cognition and the situation in the dream city. Here, Mr. Fool’s subconscious needed to be replaced with the dream subconscious.</p>
<p>In other words, Deng, Ai Nana, Luo Shan before drinking the Shaman potion, and other various characters, some came from Mr. Fool’s cognition, some from that Celestial Worthy’s cognition, some were mainly based on Mr. Fool’s cognition but have been secretly spiced up by the Celestial Worthy. They couldn’t be thoughtlessly viewed and analyzed as one type.</p>
<p><em>The environment of Mushu Hospital, as well as Grimm’s cognition and the fact that I truly have Omebella bloodline, made the dream subconscious at that time become dominated by the Celestial Worthy, choosing to “believe” that I was the Child of God Omebella, so Li Keji quietly became pregnant after our high-five? Omebella’s child is equivalent to a direct descendant of the Great Mother, so when it’s born, Li Keji will be completely corrupted by the Great Mother?</em> The more Lumian thought about it, the more horrified he felt.</p>
<p>He thought of an even more terrifying development.</p>
<p>If Mr. Fool was at an absolute disadvantage, and the Celestial Worthy became the ruler of the dream city, He could completely blur the line between truth and falsehood, making the identity of “Child of God Omebella” in the dream city fully activate on the real-world Lumian, becoming real.</p>
<p>At that time, the real Omebella would resurrect and return through Lumian’s body.</p>
<p><em>I almost fell for it without realizing…</em> A cold sweat broke out on Lumian’s back.</p>
<p>He remembered a joke he had seen online recently, and couldn’t help but laugh self-mockingly. “Pregnancy really can happen from holding hands…”</p>
<p>“What did you say?” Li Keji asked confusedly from inside the ward.</p>
<p>Startled and emotionally stirred, Lumian calmed down and asked calmly, “When did you become pregnant?”</p>
<p>He was still a little in denial.</p>
<p>Li Keji honestly said, “At first I thought it was because I used my own flesh and blood and spirituality to create new mushrooms, causing spores, mycelium, and such things to enter my body and implant in my abdomen. Yes, this was part of my new experiment after you suggested it.</p>
<p>“But after careful examination, the time of pregnancy was clearly earlier.”</p>
<p>Lumian fell silent for a moment before responding, “Can I come in to confirm?”</p>
<p>“Sure,” Li Keji didn’t refuse.</p>
<p>Lumian took a step forward, his figure suddenly disappearing from the corridor and appearing in Li Keji’s ward.</p>
<p>At first glance, he didn’t see a single mushroom,</p>
<p>This surprised him.</p>
<p>Logically speaking, Li Keji’s living space, under the bed, in the corners, behind the door, should have been full of various mushrooms.</p>
<p>But now, the room was as clean as someone else’s home.</p>
<p>Lumian then looked at Li Keji sitting on the bed and found that his belly had indeed swollen slightly.</p>
<p>In the next second, his spiritual intuition as a Demoness of Despair allowed him to confirm that the child in Li Keji’s belly was blood-related to him.</p>
<p>But it wasn’t related to Lumian, nor to Lumina, but to Omebella!</p>
<p><em>It really is mine…</em> Just as Lumian was about to speak, he suddenly felt many nearly invisible fine threads swaying around.</p>
<p><em>Mycelium?</em> He instinctively looked up and finally saw a mushroom.</p>
<p>The mushroom was semi-transparent, attached to the chandelier position, with a large amount of mycelium hanging down. At first glance, it looked just like a common jellyfish.</p>
<p>“Is this the half-finished product you mentioned?” Lumian probed.</p>
<p>The scruffy Li Keji nodded. “Yes.”</p>
<p>“Where are the failed products?” Lumian asked further.</p>
<p>Li Keji answered seriously, “They were all absorbed by it.”</p>
<p>As he spoke, he waved his hand, and the jellyfish-like mushroom floated down, brushing against his palm.</p>
<p>For some reason, Lumian was reminded of the image of a young brown bear nuzzling its keeper.</p>
<p>“What about the mushrooms that were in the room before?” Lumian asked for confirmation.</p>
<p>“They were also absorbed by it,” Li Keji’s voice carried a hint of expectation.</p>
<p>Lumian was silent for a while before saying, “I can help you abort it.”</p>
<p>“But, but he is indeed my child,” Li Keji responded hesitantly.</p>
<p>He seemed to have gained some maternal instinct.</p>
<p>Lumian’s lips twitched slightly as he initiated Instigation.</p>
<p>“No, he’s not your child, he’s the child of an evil god.</p>
<p>“Haven’t you always wondered why you were arrested? It’s because an evil god took a liking to you and had Her followers fabricate charges to lock you up in the psychiatric ward.</p>
<p>“Think about it, you’re a man, how could you normally get pregnant?”</p>
<p>“Women can get pregnant, why can’t men? Mushrooms can too!” Li Keji argued with Lumian.</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t give up and continued, “But can you get pregnant without doing anything, unconsciously?”</p>
<p>“Right…” Li Keji finally felt something was amiss.</p>
<p>Lumian quietly exhaled and said, “This pregnancy is the result of the evil god entering your dreams.”</p>
<p>Lumian felt that if he hadn’t fully digested the Instigator potion, using Instigation to persuade Li Keji to abort would be enough to complete the act. Unfortunately, he didn’t need to additionally digest the Instigator potion.</p>
<p>As a member of the assassination operation against Zaratulstra, as the person who assassinated Mr. Cui, Lumian had already digested the Assassin potion. Currently, only the Witch needed to be acted upon. He decided that if Li Keji chose to abort later, he would try to make the process as mysteriously terrifying and flashy as possible, to expel the Great Mother’s child in the identity of a Witch.</p>
<p>“If you don’t abort the child in your belly, it will absorb your flesh and spirituality, growing rapidly in two to three weeks. When it’s born, you will become a dried corpse, unable to do more mushroom experiments, unable to fulfill your dream,” Lumian said in a low voice, describing the possible consequences.</p>
<p>Hearing that he wouldn’t be able to do more mushroom experiments, Li Keji made a decision. “Alright, please help me.”</p>
<p>Before Lumian could respond, he continued on his own, “If the evil god’s child hybridizes with mushrooms, it might produce some special changes…”</p>
<p><em>Evil god’s child… hybridize… Forget about your mushrooms…</em> Lumian didn’t want to be chased by a mushroom calling him mother in the future.</p>
<p>At this moment, Li Keji’s eyes lit up.</p>
<p>“Wait until I’ve thought of a plan, then you can help me abort it. This will take one or two days.”</p>
<p>Lumian didn’t dare to force Li Keji; after all, in Mr. Fool’s subconscious cognition, no matter how inconceivable things were, this biology teacher could create them through mushrooms. If he became an enemy and forced an abortion, perhaps something terrifying would happen.</p>
<p>“No problem,” Lumian responded.</p>
<p>He secretly decided that when the time came, he would make the evil god’s descendant in Li Keji’s belly disappear without a trace, unable to hybridize with mushrooms.</p>
<p>Lumian then cautioned, “Don’t tell anyone else about the evil god for now, otherwise catastrophe will befall us.”</p>
<p>“I won’t,” Li Keji shook his head. “I haven’t dared to talk to Ms. Jiajia or other colleagues about mushrooms recently; they seem to have become different people.”</p>
<p>“Become different people?” Lumian’s gaze suddenly froze.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
