<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch990.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-983-a-glimpse" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 983: A Glimpse</h2>
<p>Looking at the door of Room 2303, Franca suddenly recalled everything.</p>
<p>Considering that if the shooting of Zaratulstra was successful, the police department would inevitably be involved in the investigation. Regardless of whether the police department previously had Beyonders, now that Zhou Mingrui himself had gained Beyonder abilities and the dream subconscious recognized the Sequence 7 level, they, as representatives of the “official” side, would certainly have gained mystical power enhancements. Therefore, Lumian and the others had already thought of ways to avoid subsequent investigations.</p>
<p>Starting from the fact that the main officers of the dream city’s Police Department were based on the Nighthawks of the Church of Evernight, Lumian reasonably deduced that their most commonly used and convenient method for finding clues in public was to forcibly drag suspects into a dream and directly question them there.</p>
<p>For this reason, he had Anthony give Franca a psychological suggestion in advance, making her forget everything related to the incident as soon as she drank the healing agent. The corresponding psychological suggestion would only be completely lifted when she returned to Dechuang Garden and saw the rented room.</p>
<p>This way, even in the dream, Franca’s performance would be flawless.</p>
<p>If her own subconscious didn’t believe she had shot Zaratulstra, how could she show any abnormality in the dream!</p>
<p>The performance that Luo Shan and Zhou Mingrui saw from Franca also came from her instinctive reactions, not acting. Only her complexion was enhanced by the negative effects of the Inevitable Gun, so it was completely flawless.</p>
<p><em>Phew… that shot of mine was really cool, calm, relaxed, natural, composed, that’s what an assassin should be like!</em> Franca, feeling a bit feverish and confused, proudly praised herself in her heart.</p>
<p>By this time, Luo Shan had already rung the doorbell and saw Jenna open the door.</p>
<p>She was about to ask in a low voice, “Was Zaratulstra’s death your doing?” when she suddenly noticed a small boy writing furiously at the dining table.</p>
<p>“Who’s that?” Luo Shan swallowed the question she was about to ask.</p>
<p>Franca let go of Luo Shan’s support, glanced at Ludwig, and said with unsteady steps and a smile, “My godson.”</p>
<p><em>Theoretically speaking, that’s right!</em></p>
<p>As soon as Franca finished speaking, she was already panting, looking as if even talking was a great effort. Jenna quickly supported her.</p>
<p>Seeing this, Luo Shan waved her hand and said, “Get well soon. You probably won’t need to work overtime tomorrow, you can rest at home.”</p>
<p><em>The big client is dead, what overtime would there be!</em></p>
<p>Back in Room 1502, Luo Shan took out her phone and sent a WeChat message to Jenna:</p>
<p>“Is there anything wrong with Luo Fu? Does she need to go to the hospital?”</p>
<p>She intended to use this to open the conversation, then ask Jenna if “Zaratulstra’s death was related to them”.</p>
<p>Jenna quickly replied: “She took some fever medicine, let’s observe for a while before deciding.</p>
<p>“I heard there was a shooting at the hot pot restaurant where you were eating?”</p>
<p><em>She instead asked about Zaratulstra being shot… What does this mean? Could it really not have been them?</em> Luo Shan wondered, once again doubting her own deductions.</p>
<p>She briefly told Jenna about what happened in the hot pot restaurant, watching to see how she would respond.</p>
<p>Jenna sent a 😱 emoji: “No wonder Luo Fu got sick. She always falls ill when frightened, but she also recovers quickly. She’ll be fine in a couple of days.”</p>
<p><em>That doesn’t make sense… She’s a powerful Beyonder, from a future on the edge of the apocalypse; she must have seen countless deaths. How could she get sick from being frightened by a single shooting?</em> Just as Luo Shan had this doubt, she suddenly understood what Jenna really meant: We’ll tell you the truth about this matter in a couple of days.</p>
<p><em>Is it because this is the crucial period of the police investigation, and they’re worried that if I know who the real killer is, I might let something slip or become nervous and anxious, and then be questioned by the police?</em> Luo Shan nodded in understanding.</p>
<p>She then felt somewhat happy.</p>
<p>In the past, she wouldn’t have been able to pick up on such hints. Sometimes when others mocked her, if it wasn’t obvious enough, she wouldn’t even realize it. But now, she had grasped the hidden meaning in the words!</p>
<p><em>Ah, I’ve grown too.</em> Luo Shan leaned back on the sofa contentedly and started using her phone.</p>
<p>Soon, she saw the police announcement soliciting key information, part of which read: “This woman is involved in the case. We hope the public will actively provide clues…”</p>
<p>Next to this part of the content was a photo. The woman in the photo was the one who had walked out of the screen with Zaratulstra.</p>
<p>Luo Shan could clearly see that the photo came from someone’s phone at the scene rather than from surveillance cameras. It captured the woman’s exquisite and elegant features, her confused yet seductive gaze, and her blood-stained face quite clearly, bringing that dangerous beauty to life.</p>
<p><em>Looking at it again, she’s still very beautiful, even a bit more beautiful than Luo Fu and Jenna when they’re not downplaying themselves…</em> Luo Shan mused as she scrolled through the comments:</p>
<p>“Such a beautiful woman, why become a villain?”</p>
<p>“I’m not just judging by her looks, but I feel like there’s no way she’d kill someone for no reason, right?”</p>
<p>“Sister, give me a shot!”</p>
<p>“Do all the commenters let their morals follow their appendages?”</p>
<p>“Isn’t she more beautiful than those female celebrities nowadays? She could definitely squeeze into the top tier!”</p>
<p>“This is my dream lover, her face stained with blood, holding a gun, pressing it against my head, forcing me to give up my true heart.”</p>
<p>“So, who exactly was killed?”</p>
<p>Luo Shan scrolled through with a smile for a few minutes, then suddenly remembered something.</p>
<p>She had forgotten to check the details of the room.</p>
<p>Ever since Luo Fu and Jenna reminded her to be careful of Zaratulstra’s group potentially attacking her in secret, every time she returned home, she would use her Beyonder ability to examine the details of every corner, to avoid being assassinated or ambushed.</p>
<p>Luo Shan stood up and walked to the oil painting of a parrot, extending her hand towards it.</p>
<p>The colorful parrot poked its beak and upper body out of the oil painting and said crisply, “No one has been here.”</p>
<p>Luo Shan stroked the parrot’s feathers, then turned and walked to the window.</p>
<p>She looked outside, raised her right hand, and pinched her eye socket.</p>
<p>She wanted to use a Reporter’s ability to observe and uncover the true world.</p>
<p>This wasn’t because she didn’t trust the parrot, but because there were some intrusions the parrot couldn’t detect.</p>
<p>However, she didn’t dare to observe the true world for too long. Every time she used this ability, she felt danger and only dared to maintain it for about ten seconds.</p>
<p>This could only be used to look at the “corners” that the parrot couldn’t reach.</p>
<p>The next second, the light and shadows before Luo Shan’s eyes changed, and different scenes of the surrounding area overlapped in a strange way, presenting themselves in a chaotic and complex manner.</p>
<p>Luo Shan quickly saw the glass windows connecting to the dark world, saw the oil paintings pressed against the glass windows, saw different rooms stacked together like building blocks, saw people doing different things in different rooms yet mixing with each other, saw the thin gray fog permeating the edges of all these scenes.</p>
<p><em>What exactly is this fog…</em> Luo Shan instinctively frowned.</p>
<p>Every time she used a Reporter’s ability to observe reality, she would discover this thin gray fog, but she never knew what it symbolized, what it represented, or where it came from.</p>
<p>Just as Luo Shan noticed that the movements of a man in one of the rooms seemed to stutter, the colorful parrot fluttered its wings in her line of sight.</p>
<p>Then, she saw Luo Fu lying on the sofa, physically cooling herself with an ice pack.</p>
<p>Then, she heard Luo Fu’s weak voice: “Is this what happens after being kicked out of the dream in a female identity?”</p>
<p><em>Kicked out of the dream…</em> Luo Shan was stunned.</p>
<p>The scene before her eyes immediately shattered.</p>
<p>She instinctively ended her observation of “reality”.</p>
<p>Luo Shan stood by the window, her expression bewildered as she recalled what she had just heard.</p>
<p><em>Kicked out of the dream? Did Luo Fu mean to say this is a dream? Was her condition last time because she was kicked out of the dream?</em> Luo Shan’s gaze gradually became vacant.</p>
<p>After a few seconds, she murmured very softly and weakly, “If this is a dream, then what am I…”</p>
<hr />
<p>Late at night, the bedroom door where Franca and Lumina were sleeping opened silently, and a figure walked out without making any noise.</p>
<p>It was Lumina in her nightgown, her eyes like highland lakes, both confused and irritated.</p>
<p>Lumina walked along the darkest areas, stealthily reaching the door and unlocking it.</p>
<p>Then, she put her hand on the handle, trying to open the main door.</p>
<p>But the handle didn’t move at all.</p>
<p><em>Is the lock broken?</em> Just as Lumina showed a surprised expression, she heard Jenna’s voice from behind. “Where are you going?”</p>
<p>Lumina turned around quickly, looking at Jenna. “Didn’t you take Li Lu to An Ruide’s place?”</p>
<p>“We later came back, but you were all asleep. I thought I shouldn’t disturb you, so I just slept here on the sofa.” Jenna stood up from the sofa and asked curiously, “You want to go out? It’s the middle of the night.”</p>
<p>“I-I feel very stuffy, very depressed, I want to go out for a walk,” Lumina explained, “But the door lock is broken.”</p>
<p>She then laughed self-mockingly. “Am I too unlucky?”</p>
<p>Being unlucky is normal, and inevitable, this is the negative impact of using the Circle Inhabitant effect… Jenna didn’t explain, but shook her head and said, “The hot pot restaurant incident isn’t over yet, and your body hasn’t fully recovered. If you go out for a walk now and someone sees you, it will be very troublesome.”</p>
<p>“Alright.” Lumina pursed her lips and said, “I-I feel like there’s always a voice, an impulse in my heart telling me to go out.”</p>
<p>“A voice?” Jenna frowned, becoming more vigilant, “Go where?”</p>
<p>Lumina didn’t conceal.</p>
<p>“On the one hand, I want to go to the rooftop, to feel the wind, to see if there are any stars, and to space out a bit. On the other hand, I want to go to a certain place, that place is calling me.”</p>
<p>“Which place?” Jenna asked.</p>
<p>Lumina tried hard to recall. “I think it was… I think it was…”</p>
<p>She paused for a moment, finally remembering. “Mushu Hospital.”</p>
<p>“Mushu Hospital.” Jenna’s pupils dilated slightly.</p>
<p>She suddenly remembered that Lumian, that is, Lumina, really did have the bloodline of Omebella, the Child of God—the Great Mother.</p>
<p>This wasn’t a ruse to deceive Grimm and the others!</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/2663">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
