<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1458.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chapter-1429-in-modern-day-27" class="level2">
<h2>Chapter 1429: In Modern Day (27)</h2>
<p>“…” For a moment, I’m at a loss on how to respond to Anderson Hood. I’m afraid that I would end up quarreling with him the moment I open my mouth.</p>
<p>After a few seconds, I finally find a relatively euphemistic solution.</p>
<p>“Oh, you’re even able to paint?”</p>
<p>The receptionist eagerly says, “Heh, he knows a lot of things. He originally came to our country to learn banter, claiming that he’s proficient in all kinds of things.”</p>
<p><em>That sounds like sarcasm… The receptionist and this foreign teacher don’t seem to be on good terms… I wonder if he’s speaking the truth or just joking…</em> Although I’m not particularly good at observing people, his behavior is a little obvious.</p>
<p>“Haha, if you wish to learn banter, I can teach you as well,” Anderson Hood says with a well-enunciated Chinese accent.</p>
<p>“We’ll see?” I’m a little confused about the current situation, and I have no choice but to say something perfunctory like “I’ll check my schedule.”</p>
<p>After watching Anderson walk into the office, I turn my head and ask the male receptionist, “Can I not sign up for his class?”</p>
<p>“That’s one of your rights.” The male receptionist looks excited. “A wise choice!”</p>
<p>He then gives me a thumbs up.</p>
<p>“T-this… foreign teacher—Anderson… Is he that bad?” I glance in the direction of the office.</p>
<p>The male receptionist chuckles.</p>
<p>“To be honest, he’s very capable. His only flaw is…”</p>
<p>He pauses.</p>
<p>“What is it?” I can’t help but ask in response.</p>
<p>The male receptionist turns solemn.</p>
<p>“That he’s not a mute!”</p>
<p>“Hahaha.” I laugh, half-sincere and half-polite.</p>
<p>Then, I ask curiously, “Do people sign up for his classes?”</p>
<p>“Yes, quite a lot.” The male receptionist curls his lips.</p>
<p>“Aren’t they aware that you can’t withdraw from classes and switch teachers after signing up?” I take the opportunity to gather more details.</p>
<p>“No.” The male receptionist quickly corrects me. “We have one trial lesson. If you’re not satisfied, you can switch to another teacher.”</p>
<p>He pauses and laughs.</p>
<p>“Well, you know, some people just like to get mocked and trampled on.”</p>
<p><em>It sounds like they have a special fetish…</em> I stop asking further.</p>
<p>“Then I’ll sign up for your principal’s class. Are there weekend classes?”</p>
<p>“Yes.” The male receptionist quickly does the introductions.</p>
<p>I don’t waste any time. After paying 6,666 yuan, I sign up for the Dream Tutoring Classes’ weekend business English class.</p>
<p>After leaving the Dream Tutoring Classes, I don’t leave the building. Instead, I find a quiet corner and take in the feel of the air conditioner. I then make a record of today’s events.</p>
<p>To be a commercial spy, one has to act like a commercial spy. I have to live up to Miss Huang’s payment!</p>
<p><em>Done!</em> I casually tap my phone and look at the department chat to prevent myself from missing any important notices.</p>
<p>Rozanne: “Take note, take note: CEO Huang is bringing a VIP over to visit. Everyone, please be more professional.”</p>
<p><em>VIP… Oh, that client named Zaratulstra. Heh heh, I actually missed him again. Looks like we aren’t fated to meet…</em> I hold my phone and consider what to do next.</p>
<p>It’s rare for me to have free time in the afternoon on a non-weekend day. I can’t waste it.</p>
<p><em>Hmm, I’ll go catch a movie. There shouldn’t be a lot of people at this time.</em> With that thought in mind, I immediately head to the larger mall next door. Then, I take the elevator to the fourth floor and start searching for the cinema.</p>
<p><em>Eh, there’s a signing event…</em> Looking around, I see many people lining up at the entrance of a large bookstore.</p>
<p>It’s obvious that a famous author is here to do a fansigning event.</p>
<p>With some level of curiosity, I deliberately pass by and see a few poster stands.</p>
<p><em>Romance Queen… Slacker Without a Dream… This pen name, heh, the authors nowadays really have weird pen names…</em> I don’t know the author of the fansign event, nor do I have any intention of joining in the fun.</p>
<p>Of course, I’m still a little curious as to what the author looks like. After all, the few poster stands that aren’t blocked mainly introduced the Romance Queen’s new book without any pictures.</p>
<p><em>I’ll come take a look after the movie…</em> I mutter to myself and follow the road signs to the other side of the mall. At the end of the road, I find the cinema.</p>
<p>Because I haven’t thought of what to watch, I stay in the lobby and look for something that piques my interest from the promotional pictures.</p>
<p>Suddenly, I feel the light in front of me dim.</p>
<p>A tall man appears beside me!</p>
<p><em>He’s so tall. He’s almost two meters…</em> I look at him from the corner of my eye and realize that he looks like a basketball player.</p>
<p><em>Wait, he seems to be wearing the junior high school uniform near my neighborhood!</em></p>
<p><em>Holy sh*t, he’s only in middle school and he’s already two meters tall?</em></p>
<p><em>What do children nowadays eat?</em></p>
<p><em>A-and he dyed his hair brownish-yellow…</em></p>
<p><em>Does he need to attend classes? Well, it’s summer vacation now.</em></p>
<p><em>But why are you wearing your school uniform during the summer vacation?</em></p>
<p>As I lampoon, I take a stealthy step in the opposite direction, in case the child makes me look like a dwarf.</p>
<p>Meanwhile, I find the movie that I’ll be watching. I don’t have to wait too long.</p>
<p>“The Pirate 3: Crazy Adventurer”</p>
<p>In the corresponding promotional pictures, a man in a top hat and trench coat is standing between lightning, waves, and storms with three retro pirate ships surrounding him. And at the bow of each ship stands a beautiful female pirate.</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/1469">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
