<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1460.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="side-story-a-day-in-the-year-1346" class="level2">
<h2>Side Story: A Day in The Year 1346</h2>
<p><strong><em>Note:</em></strong> It was published as an exclusive side story of <em>Lord of Mysteries</em> in the “Chinese Physical Book Volume 3.” It corresponds to Web Novel <em>Chapter 139: Studying 3-0782</em> to <em>Chapter 213: Another Look</em> <em>aka.</em> End of Volume 1.</p>
<p>This is a <strong><em>Bullet Point Paraphrasing Summary</em></strong> by Windvally, not the complete translation of the story.</p>
<ul>
<li><p>In the Year 1346, Leonard Mitchell was testing his Sleepless abilities and ended up rolling down the staircase of Blackthorn Security Company like a meatball.</p></li>
<li><p>Dunn Smith was a Sequence 9 Sleepless for 3 years, a Sequence 8 Midnight Poet for 9 years. He used over 2 weeks to adapt and control his Sequence 7 Nightmare powers.</p></li>
<li><p>Dunn is bringing Leonard to answer a request for help from Tingen University Department of History. An associate professor Mrs. Sinel is experiencing auditory hallucinations and having the same nightmare every night. This will be Leonard’s debut, officially getting in touch with supernatural cases. Mrs. Sinel is a believer of the Evernight Goddess, thus Blackthorn took the case even though Tingen’s University District is under the jurisdiction of Machinery Hivemind.</p></li>
<li><p>Rule of Jurisdiction: When a case does not involve believers of multiple Gods (meaning all involved individuals believe in only one of the Orthodox Gods), Supernatural Cases’ management rights are delegated based on religion and not based on district.</p></li>
<li><p>Nighthawks are responsible for Tingen City’s North District, West District, and Golden Maple District.</p></li>
<li><p>Daly Simone (on that day in the year 1346) wore a black color schemed shirt, trousers, and jacket. Looks smooth and clean but not overly masculine. She wore a Smokey Eyeshadow makeup, a style that was invented by Emperor Roselle and spread from Intis to the Loen Kingdom. Her clothing in addition to her unique aura, making her appear overall gloomy and cold as if a female ghost walking out of a folktale.</p></li>
<li><p>Cuttlefish knifing us with Daly teasing Leonard, Dunn said don’t tease the young ones, Daly rebuked with “not the young ones, that means you would be okay?” Dunn changing subjects.</p></li>
<li><p>Daly insisted on going with Dunn and Leonard, commenting on how her abilities complement Dunn’s, while Leonard is the extra one that’s useless as he’s just a “lower sequence Dunn”.</p></li>
<li><p>Leonard is surprised why Daly is a lot quieter on their way to the University, only occasionally making fun of Dunn. Leonard inferred that Daly has some things on her mind.</p></li>
<li><p>The University District is divided into two parts by Khoy River, one side is Tingen University, the other side is Khoy University.</p></li>
<li><p>Mrs. Sinel is a middle-aged female who wears a pair of gold-rimmed glasses with small chains attached. She has heavy bags under her eyes, her skin appears rather pale and gloomy, her whole condition doesn’t seem too good.</p></li>
<li><p>Mrs. Sinel has been having very similar nightmares every night since two weeks ago. In this nightmare, she’s placed within a battlefield filled with corpses. The smell of blood that permeates the battlefield is extremely real, she could even remember the smell at this moment.</p></li>
<li><p>Dunn: Similar? Not “The Same”? Mrs. Sinel stated the nightmares sometimes are the same battlefield scene, sometimes the nightmare “progresses forward”.</p></li>
<li><p>Initially, it was just corpses littered everywhere on the ground, blood-soaked the place full. After that, gradually the sky was painted red as well. And without me noticing, countless wounds and cuts appeared on my body as well, blood pouring out from each and every one of them nonstop. At which point I was scared awake.</p></li>
<li><p>No matter how I sleep, when I sleep, where I sleep, this dream will always appear. Just since a few days ago, I even started hearing shouts and screams of agony under broad daylight. Almost as if two armies that I could not perceive are fighting around me. Since a few days ago, even in my dreams, figures are gradually manifesting in the distance as well, under the blood-red sky.</p></li>
<li><p>Daly walked around Mrs. Sinel’s room a bit. her eyes first turned gray-white, then turned again into a colorless state.</p></li>
<li><p>Daly leaned close to Dunn’s ears and whispered her results, making Dunn feel uneasy about their body position lol.</p></li>
<li><p>Two weeks ago, Mrs. Sinel bought a batch of artifacts that supposedly originated from The 4th Epoch. Recently she has been constantly studying and researching these artifacts, trying to determine if they are indeed from The 4th Epoch.</p></li>
<li><p>There were many artifacts, but one caught Dunn’s eye immediately - A dark golden-colored coin.</p></li>
<li><p>This dark golden-colored coin:</p></li>
<li><p>Size approximately the same as a 1£ gold coin</p></li>
<li><p>One side is comparatively more simple designed; The protruding patterns constituted a war chariot</p></li>
<li><p>The other side is rather complicated; Its pattern is a combination of several different parts</p></li>
<li><p>Mrs. Sinel “It’s a money coin from The Tudor Empire in The 4th Epoch” (Dunn agrees)</p></li>
<li><p>The complicated side: The main component part is a Crown with a Cape that falls down naturally under it, attached to the crown. The lower part of the Crown is surrounded by 5 symbols. Among those 5 symbols, the one on the furthest left, left of the cape, and parallel to the cape, is a “layers of doors” drawn using simple lines. The one on the furthest right is a disk, its surface is divided into 12 spaces, making it resemble a clock, but there’s only one clock hand in the center. In addition, those 12 spaces aren’t evenly distributed. They are of varying sizes with either dark or bright coloration. Giving viewers a very uneven, unbalanced feeling.</p></li>
<li><p>Aside from those two symbols that clearly stood higher than the other three, the remaining three symbols are located on the very bottom. They are parallel with each other, in the order of from left to right they are: a vertical eye made from many small and thin patterns, five fingers (normal humanoid length difference) without the hand part - ring finger and little finger are curled up, the other three fingers are naturally spread out as if symbolizing the hour hand, minute hand, and second hand, and lastly a door that’s being split in the middle by a vertical long sword.</p></li>
<li><p>Dunn stated the coin has problems and needs to be purified by holy water and ritual. Mrs. Sinel stated if the purification is unsuccessful she’s donating the coin to the church.</p></li>
<li><p>Dunn wrapped the coin in three layers of white paper, on each paper he drew an Evernight Goddess’s holy emblem.</p></li>
<li><p>After Dunn and Co. left, Mrs. Sinel’s mind manifested Dunn’s face without her realizing it, she focused on his gray pupils, as if gazing onto a clam and deep lake. She fell asleep till noon without a nightmare.</p></li>
<li><p>After the case is solved. When they are chatting and writing the report, Dunn asked Daly why she’s so quiet today, Leonard listened.</p></li>
<li><p>Daly raised up a piece of white paper and block it in front of her and said “I’m pregnant”. Dunn and Leonard simultaneously spit their coffee which gets blocked by the paper.</p></li>
<li><p>Daly stated she was just joking and said it’s just that she’s ready for sequence 7 advancement. By then she would be high enough to be appointed captain at a Different Location.</p></li>
<li><p>Dunn, without any understanding of the situation, supported her decision. Daly only watched quietly as he’s talking.</p></li>
<li></li>
</ul>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/1469">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
