<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1461.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="side-story-rebellious-teenager" class="level2">
<h2>Side Story: Rebellious Teenager</h2>
<p><strong><em>Note:</em></strong> It was published as an exclusive side story of <em>Lord of Mysteries</em> in the “Taiwanese Physical Book, <strong><em>Lord of Mysteries 01: Commission of Gold Pound</em></strong>” that covers from Web Novel <em>Chapter 213: Another Look</em> to <em>Chapter 242: Bakerland</em>.</p>
<p>This is a <strong><em>Bullet Point Paraphrasing Summary</em></strong> by Windvally, not the complete translation of the story.</p>
<p>Intis Southern Region, The Town of Nosil.</p>
<p>beautiful day is about to beginning.<br />
</p>
<p>Danitz said as he smiled at his friends around him. He is currently sitting atop metal fences situated near the edge of the town.</p>
<p>beautiful day!<br />
</p>
<p>His friends shouted loudly, appearing very energetic.</p>
<p>For teens like them, their clothing isn’t exactly the best in quality, but most definitely trendy, their choices closely resembles the current tending styles of Trier.</p>
<p>Of course, they were only following, but not matching, because there’s a very big difficulty that’s preventing them from doing so - No money!</p>
<p>Bullet Point Summary to Skip some segments:</p>
<ul>
<li><p>After goofing with friend for the whole day, Danitz went back to him.</p></li>
<li><p>His father tried to beat him, but he dodges skillfully, never got hit once, and his father is dead tired and angry.</p></li>
<li><p>Parents stated he’s 16 now and needs to take up responsibilities. They talked with the servant head working for the owner of a grape farm in the town. Danitz could be an apprentice servant.</p></li>
<li><p>Danitz wants to go to Trier and be rich</p></li>
<li><p>The next day Danitz slipped out of home before his parents could catch him.</p></li>
<li><p>He met up with his friends told him a new group of sailors and a bard arrived at the town’s local bar.</p></li>
<li><p>They went to the bar together.</p></li>
</ul>
<p>The town’s bar almost have no interior decorations, only the wall was painted, and a few pictures cut from old magazines and newspapers were plastered on the wall.</p>
<p>At the bar counter, above the alcohol shelf, hanged the head of a giant snake, already white and cleaned to the bone.</p>
<p>That empty eye socket, is large enough to swallow the mouth of a normal adult, causing every drunkard who visits this bar to lower their head unconsciously when meeting its eyes.</p>
<p>Danitz was no exception.</p>
<p>According to what he knew, this giant snake skull was brought back from the Southern Continent by this bar’s owner. It’s that man’s souvenir for remembering many years of adventure.</p>
<p>That’s also why, even though this mister is rather quiet and introverted, no one dares to have greedy thoughts about his bar.</p>
<p>Even if a mafia from the big cities come to this place, when they see that giant snake skull, that owner’s ridiculous and exaggeratedly muscular arms, legs, and just muscle in general, most would probably wisely choose to interact peacefully. After all, a small town’s bar isn’t exactly that profitable, it’s not worth the trouble.</p>
<p>Danitz was always a little disappointed by this.</p>
<p>It’s not that he wanted a fellow native to be bullied, but rather he desired to witness how strong the bar owner is, as someone who used to work as a mercenary and adventurer on the Southern Continent.</p>
<p>In a way, the owner could be counted as a legendary person of the small town of Nosil. No competition within the past 30 years at the very least.</p>
<p>He left this place at a very young age, headed towards the Southern Continent for adventure. Around his middle age, he returned to his home town, carrying with him a decent fortune, a body of muscle, and a giant snake skull. He opened up a bar, married a widow, and had a kid.</p>
<p>He stayed absolutely silent in regards to his nearly 20+ years of adventurous life on the Southern Continent. No matter who asked, he only responded with unimportant things to change the subject.</p>
<p>Danitz was very disappointed by this.</p>
<p>However, Danitz once heard from a friend who live close to the bar owner, that the man will always do one of two things every single night: He either drink until it’s nearly morning before dropping, or fuck his wife until very very late into the night.</p>
<p>He seemed to be afraid of entering sleep.</p>
<p>If I have a beautiful wife, I will also screw her up and down until late into the night…Dantiz mumbled to himself in a low voice, while keeping an eye out for the sailors his friend mentioned.</p>
<p>Bullet Point Summary to Skip some segments:</p>
<ul>
<li>They mingled and drank with the sailors, acting like kids pretending to be mafia adults.</li>
<li>The sailors are friendly, here in town only to stock up on wine and fresh water.</li>
<li>They told Danitz and his friend about the life of a secret-treasure hunter on the sea.</li>
<li>They told the story of a ship called [Laurel Flower. ]</li>
<li>[About 100 years ago, Leon Kingdom had a ship called Laurel Flower. It was filled with old, jewelry, and valuables they ransacked from the Southern Continent. It strayed off course and sank to the bottom at a location somewhere in the Berserk Sea and Sonia Sea. Finding it means obtaining things that can sell for a couple billion Verl Gold.<br />
]</li>
</ul>
<p>The young adult sailor who’s now drunk with a rather red face, looked around at these teenagers listening to his stories and laughed.</p>
<p>that much money was able to surprise all of you? There are many more legends on the seas.<br />
</p>
<p>a certain location on the Berserk Sea, the treasure of The God of Death is waiting. It is waiting for a person with a very specific, special key to open it. And that person? He will become the new God of Death….On the seas, every single individual is chasing after the [Fountain of Youth, just one single sip from it, will grant a person eternal youth.Not only will he never growing old ever again, but he will also become extremely powerful…]</p>
<p>At this point, the bard who traveled here along with the sailors started playing his lyre:</p>
<p>raised their head and looked at the sky, that fire like cloud looked like a seas of crimson, wide and glittering.<br />
</p>
<p>looked down at the ocean, reflections of light scattered forth, a round bright moon is rising from the surface of the sea.<br />
</p>
<p>walked across flat yet harden surface of sand<br />
</p>
<p>walked into caves corroded by years of rain and wind<br />
</p>
<p>’s like a home delicately designed just for them, there are halls, gem filled ceilings, and living rooms… (Altered from a irl poem)</p>
<p>Bullet Point Summary to Skip some segments:</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Danitz asked the guy if he can be a treasure hunter too. The guys told him to grow more muscle first. And stated pure treasure hunters are a rare sight, as most are also pirates on the side.</p></li>
<li><p>Danitz isn’t giving up and is angry. When these people are done drinking, as soon as they turned around a corner out of Danitz sight, he gave them a middle finger and said Dogshit!</p></li>
<li><p>As Danitz is about to leave the closing bar, he passed by the bar owner who is about to close the front door. The bar owner slowly said in a very deep voice:</p></li>
<li><p>[Never go onto the sea. ]</p></li>
<li><p>Danitz was stunned for a second, and looked towards the bar owner with unfocused eyes. The bar owner stood still in the dim environment, neither his eyes nor his facial expressions were definable in the darkness. With a bam, the owner closed the door, blocking Danitz’s view of him.</p></li>
<li><p>Danitz stayed home the next morning, not wanting to meet his friends, as he’s unsure if his friend heard the sailors rejecting his question of becoming a treasure hunter.</p></li>
<li><p>For a teenager, saving face, his self-esteem is perhaps even more important than his life!</p></li>
<li><p>His father was angry, guessing that he probably went to goof at the bar yesterday.</p></li>
<li><p>His father told him that the sailors was only able to carry part of their wine and water cargo with them. The grape farm owner still need to send the rest of the goods to Sali Port for the sailors.</p></li>
<li><p>His parents used their connection and some money to get this job for Danitz. Knowing that he would use this chance to do what he always wanted to do. They love him after all.</p></li>
<li><p>His father told Danitz [Do not die out there. ]</p></li>
<li><p>Dantiz was excited. He’s going to have leave right now.</p></li>
</ul>
<p>said he doesn’t want to come out and see you, because he will get angry every time he sees you.<br />
</p>
<p>Danitz’s mother said while wiping away some tears on the corner of her eyes.</p>
<p>Danitz cursed that stubborn old man with a few sentence inside his heart, he hugged his mother, and turned around to walk towards the waiting caravans.</p>
<p>As the caravans started moving, after traveling about 10-20 meters, Dantiz turned his head around unconsciously, his old man was standing next to his mother, not knowing when he already came out.</p>
<p>A bright smile appeared on Danitz’s face, he waved his right hand at them, and shouted silently inside his heart:</p>
<p>, Mother, I will return after becoming rich!<br />
</p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/1469">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
</body>
</html>
