<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch1462.xhtml</title>
  <style>
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="multi-character-audio-drama---special-episode-kleins-niece" class="level2">
<h2>Multi-Character Audio Drama - Special Episode: Klein’s Niece</h2>
<p><strong><em>Note:</em></strong> This is a non-canon special episode of <em>Lord of Mysteries</em> released on May 28th, 2021 on <strong><em>Himalaya Audio Book APP</em></strong>. It is translated by Windvally.</p>
<p>Klein’s Niece POV:</p>
<p>Today, I greeted Mr. Fool~</p>
<p>I told Dakye<a href="#fn1" class="footnote-ref" id="fnref1" epub:type="noteref" role="doc-noteref">1</a> about this, but he didn’t believe me.</p>
<p>I wasn’t lying to him though. ヽ(ಠ_ಠ) ノ</p>
<p>Ah!</p>
<p>That’s right!</p>
<p>At the time, why did I not tell him what Mr. Fool looked like?</p>
<p>He has……<em>scribbling noise</em></p>
<p>He……has……<em>scribbling noise</em></p>
<p>Eh? The ink ran out? <em>scribbling noise</em></p>
<p>Huh, it’s working again~ (^.^)</p>
<p><em>scribbling noise</em></p>
<p>Anyways, Dakye is a big dummy!</p>
<p>All he does is reciting weird poem lines.</p>
<p>The book he lent me last time, &lt;The World’s World&gt;, was not enjoyable to read in the slightest!</p>
<p><em>disappointed humpfh</em></p>
<p>Forget it! I will listen to auntie, from now on I will never bring this up with someone else again, that I’ve met Mr. Fool.</p>
<p>Today’s dinner, we are having Mr. Fool’s holy meal<a href="#fn2" class="footnote-ref" id="fnref2" epub:type="noteref" role="doc-noteref">2</a>.</p>
<p>That’s what father said: “This is a holy meal.”</p>
<p>But aren’t these type of food what we normally have in our family anyways?</p>
<p>Ummh……</p>
<p>Lamb boiled with soft tofu.</p>
<p>Beef soup.</p>
<p>Mashed potato.</p>
<p>Fried Tussock fish.</p>
<p>Stewed rhubarb.</p>
<p><em>giggles</em> There’s also sweet ice tea!</p>
<p>Sweet ice tea taste so delicious~ ԅ(♡﹃♡ԅ)</p>
<p>Mmh……After we finished the holy meal, my father was once again busy discussing about curly baboons. He won’t play with me.</p>
<p>Uhm……That’s why, I am not telling him ~</p>
<p>~ that I had ice cream this morning!</p>
<p>Mmh, the little big brother<a href="#fn3" class="footnote-ref" id="fnref3" epub:type="noteref" role="doc-noteref">3</a> who gifted me ice cream was really nice.</p>
<p>Mmh~~~ <em>hiccup</em></p>
<p>Mmh…I am really full.</p>
<p>Auntie said, if I pray to Mr. Fool before I go to sleep, there will be angels descending into my dream world and giving me good dreams.</p>
<p>Mmh, Mr. Fool is so great! I have decided to give this a try.</p>
<p><em>scribbling noise</em></p>
<p>It’s a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Fool.</p>
<p>Have a good night!</p>
<p><em>closing diary noise</em></p>
<hr />
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/Bittu5134/LOTM-Reader/discussions/1469">Read Comments</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.gg/XmzJVsyuTQ">Discord</a></li>
</ul>
</section>
<section id="footnotes" class="footnotes footnotes-end-of-document" epub:type="footnotes">
<hr />
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="fn1">
<p>The name sound like “Dakye” [达克耶], no script to see the actual Chinese word used for the name, so I can only guess. Seems like</p>
</aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="fn2">
<p>I know there’s words like Sacrament/Communion/Mass etc., but those are Christian terms. I will just use holy meal for the sake of simplicity.</p>
</aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="fn3">
<p>Basically, probably Will. She calls him “little big brother”, a Chinese term used for a boy/male older than you but within the same developmental stage as you. And often not used on people past 40 years old. It’s not used for family members or friends, only for neighbors and strangers that you have good impressions of.</p>
</aside>
</section>
</body>
</html>
